Lib. 3: ‘No fubordination of Church: at firs Cit, 229
“hereof, in thofe times (of the Chalcedon councell and of Leo the
. Emperour,they were fubjeg& to theChurch and Bifhop of the fame
citie, from the tyme oftheir firft'imbracing the fayth. But what ppepnog
henow taketh for a knowne truth, in the next page (63) he thew- beggech of
ethto be an apparat fslfhood: for there he affirmeth that Thyatira his Kefuter
was inS.Iohns time fubje& to Pergam’, but in the time of the coii- in one
cel of Chalced6 fubje& roSynada,&in the EmperorLcos dayes, {ub- place what
jeQto Ephefus. And in the fame Emperours dayes, Pergamus we) ne hes ts
__anciently had benea Mother-citie, was now fubjedted ‘alfo unto jp an other
“Ephefus, Wherefore he himfelfe hath faid enough to infringe the
confequence of his owne reafoning, viz. that the Churches of Ma-

nefia and Trallis were fré the firft erection, {ubje& to the Church
ofEphefus; becaufe they were fo fubjeGed 350. yeares after S.
fohns dayes. Perhaps he exp: Geth (as it feemeth by his conctuft-
onin this (ction, pag. 62.) char his Refuter fhould prove the cO-
trary, but he is forgetfall and mutt be remembred, that in all this —
controverfic he is the opponent, and his Refuter the re{pondents
& therefore without rea(on expecteth it; yet co let him fee, thathis
Refuter was ledd by reafon, and not by idle conceits , I will tender
_ himthefe probabilities. 1. In the civill diftriburion of provinces,

and adminiftrations for government , Philadelphia was fubje& to
Sardis & Thyatira to Pergamus, as he noteth pag. 63. out of Pli-
nie lib. 6. cap. 29. and 30. butin ecclefiafticall government the
Churches of Philadelphia,and Thyatira,were nothing inferiour to
Sardis & Pergamus: for they were all honoured with the name of
candlefticks, and Churches, in the middeft whereof Chrift walked.
Apoc.t.11.20; and their Angels equally dignifyed, with the name
of ftarres held in Chrifts right hand, verf. 16. 20.and equally falu-
ted by afeverall epiftle directed to them. Cap. 2. 1.8.12.18. & 3.
1.7,14.none is reproved for the defaults of the other, but his own;
none admonitbed to overfee the other,or to be fubje& to an other.
. Wherefore unleffe fome other reafon can be alleadged, then the D

hath yet found out) it may be efteemed for a truth not to be dou-
bred of,that the Churches of Magnefia & Trallts, were notfubjec-
ted to thejurifdiGion of the Church or Bp. of Ephefus; although
tor civil goverment, they were within that Province. 2.And if there
had bene any (uch fubjeGion, or fubordination in thefe Churches,
who {hall better knoweit,aud who more fitt to have intimated it;

Ff 3. thea
