28

Recko. prz.79»

4 Pream.p2.35

M:, Parfens in
Seraits.

* Rom3.

Cap 3. Aa Encounter againft Lis.

& Romifh Clients to line in obedience and fubiettion vider his
&« Afareffie of Great Britaine. This I indgedto bea Title
€ marueloufly prema:crall vnto them, in whofe behalfe hee
¢ publifhed his Mitigation, Let ys fee how foberly M. Par-
fons will difcharge hunielte .

Master PARSONS his Reckoning.

His Inference is ameere cauilling ofa feditious {piric, for that

my writing aunfivereth dire@ly vnto the purport ot his feditious

Booke, faying, thacitwas impoflible for Catholicke fubiects to
live quietly in his Maiefties Kingdome: My aunfwere being then con-
rradictoric to Mr, Mortoas aflerdion, conteining fo much as was need-
fall ro hae bene faid vnto his negariue ; he faying thatit was impofli-
ble, and Launfivering thac it was not impofliple.

AD Renetre.

3. Soberly & quictly,good M, Parfons,8 fo fhall you better
remember that which Itold you “ before in the preamble,
€ and w* you haue forgotté: to wit,that howfocuer this an-
{wer (ifit were true)might confront your Aduerfary T .47.a-
eainft whom you w rit(who faid that /¢ is impo {sible forthem,
whom you hane infpired , to performe due fubiedtion) yet
could it zor futisfie the States of our land, to whom you writ,
who feeke in a dutifull Allegeance, nota conftrained , but a
yoluntarie ; nor a fufpicious, buta religious pafzibilitie of fub-
ietion, which alwayes (according to the Oath of Allege-
ancc) inferrethan impofitbslatie of being rebellious ; nor can
they be contented with your may but with a muff be fubic&,
as then I told you out ofthe Apofiles dodtrine,commaunding
* Enery forte to fubmsit it felfe unto the powers that be : explai-
ned by Saint Augaftine : The Apoftle faying (faith he) thar [Tt
is neceffurie that we be fubictl,\ lef that any might not performe
thisialoxe but as of coftrainthe addeth Not for feave of wrath,
but for confcience fake,| that is, not diffencblingly, but datiful-
ly in good con{cience gn lone of him (that is God) who conamar-
deth fubrettion : as in another place he commandeth feraauts to

obey
