nO ARI awere RO Twe DF FAafaCe. | ran. soo
bytertelp-62- That excomunicatié,is eyther of the whole Chirch -
(meaning the people)or of certayn grave m€, weh are in ftead of the
yholeChurch; fo that the Paftor doe publikely:in the name of he
yhole Church pronounce the fentence( p.64).That where there is
nofuch Senate or Prefbyterie ( except the Magiftrate fhall othere
vife decree and provide) the Paftor choofe two or three godly and
dicreet men of his parith: and the Superintendent, andtwoofthe -
'paftors in that Province, wherein he dwelleth,and bring the mat-
ter before them all Ac. (ibid). Many moe might be brought for
this purpole, (ifit were fitting for this place) but thefe are enough
tojuitify the refuters affertion, and to fhewe the Dod. weaknes in
fooverreaching, aS to charge that unjuftly vpon his refuter,which
he himfelfis juftly guilty of. .

Chap. 3. Wherein the Refuter ts freed from the first of
sure other notorious untruthes,charged spon hin by
the Doctor.

In the D. next feCtion, he chargeth his refuter to add to his for Se. 1-pags
“mer overreaching, foure notorious untruthes concerning our crvne land,be- a.of therf.
caule he faid his do&trine was againft , 1. the dvélrine of cur Martyrs, and pag of

4, contrarie to the profiffed judgement of all ony Yworthy Wryters, 3 . contra- the D. 4.3.
riant, t0 the lawes of our land er 4. sontrarying the détrine of the (burch of 6.
England. A foul fault, if true; and no great credit forthe D,ifnot .
his refut in his fayings, but himfelfin{o faying, bath vttered 4.no- -
torious vntruthes; let us therefore examine them;and in this chap-
ter the firft of them. The refuters words out of which the D.weuld -
extra& the firft of them are thefe:that the Do. fermon,is againSt the -
ditt ine of our immediate forefathers,( ome of whome were worthy Afartzrs)
Who in their [abmiffien to King Henry the 8. at. the abolifiing the Popes an-
sherity out of England, acknowledge with fibfeription , that the difparity of
‘eMinifters, and Lovdly primsacse of Bifhops was but a politick devife of the
fathers, not any ordinance of (brit and that. the government by thee Miri- ..
etand Seniors or Elders in every pari{hh, was the ancient difciplne.Thefe be
his words,for his proofc he referreth us to three bookes, the booke
if Martyrs , the booke called the Bifhops bocke , and the booke cal-
led ReGrowatio legums ecclefia(ticarum . Confider we now how theD. .
convinceth this tobe a notorious yntruth; The witneffes faith he,
"8 c which
