G2 The Eiiftory of Perkin Warbeck.

no man of honor or eminence to giue credit to the att empt,

they prefently conieCtured, that they carne rather to {poile
and forage the coafts, then coreleeue a diftrefled Princein
his right :and fo running the right way indeed, flood firmly
for their Countrey, and (et vpon them as they were ftrag-
ling vpand downe in the villages, enforcing the better fore
and better armed backe againe to their boats, and furprizing
fuch, as could not maiutaine the quarrell,and had pre/umed

Perkins ecmpaz too farre fromthe maine barrell, of whom they tooke y60,

ny defected, &

hedviuen hacke

be (ere,

prifoners, yea, the principall Capeaines themfelues, while.

they Jaboured to perfwade the retreat, and to gather them
together after fome martiall forme of reliftance : viz. A Zong
ford, Corbet, Whight, Bets, Ouintine, or Genge : whowereall
brought to S*./oh» Pechy high Sheriffe,and fo raled in ropes,
hike horfes drawing ina cart; fent vpto London, andthere
executed in diuers places adigyning to the City, whereby
Perkinhad matter of difconfolation forthe time, and time
enough ro faile backe againe into Flanders, to entertaine bee-
ter aduiceand more company.

The King (as you heard) vnderftanding of this attempt,
icit his progretfe and cameto London, where affured of this

good fuccetfe,he fent S*, Richard Guilfordinto Kentto thank
the Sheriffe and the people, for theirloyalty,obedience,and -

valiant circum{pection, which had {o quickly diffipated his
enemies, and quieted the Countrey,giuing prefent orderte
his Nauy to f{cowre the narrow feas, to the Prouince tc keep
thecoatts, to the Watches to fire the Beacons, to the Cap-

_ fines to prepare their Souldiers, andeoall forts to attend

their feuerall charges, according tothe ancient and laudable
cultomeoftheKingdome, —_-

When Perkin and his Captaines were arrtued in Flanders,
and found, how their former delaies had beenea great ob-
Rtacle,and hindranceto their proceedings, they refeluedto
remedy the fame in their following courfes,and by the con-
trary celerity and {peedinetleto wipe away the blots of their

weaknelle, and faint proceedings, asif they had learned of
our Poet. oo 7

m-

Reena ee racine. connaed

ee eee 4 ' 9 moe ee =
3 ot Semper? of ota aS ae eee ge lee eeu ox
s bolt ab ces Se : Coccten! O SEnme el lS nema OL ae eee ee!
. tant, PONG LETRA VT ET ata TO
nent eit os

a nnn

