Rerords of the
Hirginta Company of London

Volume II

ATA
|| PREPARATIUE||
CourT HELD FOR VIRGINIA THE
20™ oF May i622

PRESENT
Right Hono™: Lo: Cauendish’
S* Edwin Sandys. m* Ro: Smith. m’ Iadwin.
8S John Dauers. m’ Binge. m* Kingstone.
S* Iohn Brooke. m‘ Wilmer. m’ Ditchfeild.
8S’ Walter Earle. Capt: Tucker. m* Caswell.
S' Edward Lawly. m* Addison. m’ Sparrowe.
m’* Dept ffarrar. m* Kightley. m* Wood
m’* Gibbs. m’ Withers. m’* Geo: Smith.
m’ Wrote. m* Berblocke. m'* Copland.
m’ Paulavicine. m* Winne. m* Widdowes.
m’ Barnard. m’ Balmeford. mi’ ffelgate.
m’ Bromefeild. m’ Nich: ffarrar. m’ Cuffe.
m* Shippard. m* Meuerell. m’* D’Lawne.
m* Tomlins. m’ Mellinge. m’‘ Barbo'.
m' Risely. m'’ Roberté. m’ ffogge.
mn’ ffoxton. with diuers others.

M* Deputy acquainted the Courte that himselfe and some others
entreated by the former Court had bin at 8‘ Thomas Smiths before

'The handwriting of most of the first two hundred and fifty pages of this volume is the same ag
that of the latter part of the first volume. It has there been referred to as that of the fourth copyist.

10 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

the appointed Referrees concerninge Capt Martins buissines, and
havinge vnderstood the matter of his charge, w™ was that the Virginia
Company denied him the fruition of those priuiledges, that were
formerly graunted vnto him, aswell in his Patent of the Maistershippe
of the Ordinance in Virginia as also in his other Patent of his private
Plantation; They desired to receaue his said Charge in writinge
accordinge to the direc@on of the last Court, wherevnto a speedie
Aunsweare should be returned with all conveniency: Wherevpon it
pleased the said Comiittee to require Capt: Martin to sett downe his
greevances in writinge by waye of Petiéon vnto them, w™ they by
letter would recofiend to the Virginia Company and expect their
Answeare: Accordingly wherevnto it was nowe cofiended by the
Referrees, w™ he presented in Court, and beinge read and taken into
consideraéon, and likewise the petiéon exhibited by Capt Martin to
his Ma w™ contayned many scandalous suggestions, aswell against
the whole Company, as some speciall Members thereof: After delib-
eraéon had therevpon, it was at length aduised and thought fitt, that
in their Answ’ vnto the said Petiéon there should be a double addresse
made (vizt)«the one vnto his Ma, aswell for clearinge the Company
and such perticular persons as stand accused thereby, as also to informe
and certifie that some of those vnto whome the Referrence is procured
are suspected to be the chiefe Abettors and Supporters of Capt:
Martin in this buissines. The second addresse to be to the Referrees
themselues in like manner as haue bin formerly donne to Capt:
Martins Certificate: Wherevpon the Court entreated the Lo: Cauen-
dish, 8S’ Iohn Dauers, S* Iohn Brooke, 8’ Walter Earle, m‘ Gibbs, m‘
Wrote, m™ Binge, m’ Tomlins, m‘ Edw: Paulavicine, m* Iermyn, m’
Elias ffoxton m‘’ Nicho: ffarrar, m’ Caswell m’ Iohn Smith and m’
Ro: Smith, to meete to morrowe at m‘ Dept ffarrars about 2 of the
Clocke in the Afternoone to drawe vpp the said Answeare, and to
present the same at the Quarter Court.

2. M' Deputy signified further that one Samuell Each Captaine of the
Abigall havinge at his beinge in Virginia made Tryall of those Bancke
that lye out in Iames Riuer neare Blunts-pointe and found that a
Blockehowse or fforte might be erected vpon them, w™ would altogether
forbidd the passage of Shipps vpp higher, made offer vnto the Com-

MAY 20, 1692 : 11

panie, if they would imploy his Shippe the Abigal]l with a reasonable
convenient fraight outward and homeward, he would carry a douzin
Carpenters at the least, by whome the rest of his Marriners beinge
supplied with convenient number of handes from the Colony and
some necessaries from hence of Boat€ Cordage and Tooles he doubted
not by the end of March to raise such a Blockhowse as should secure
all the Riuer about it: The Counsell and Comittees mett diuers times
about it, and havinge receaued good satisfacéon both of the Suffi-
ciency of the man for his iudgement and honesty, and also of the
probablenes of the meanes, whereby he propounded to effect it, were
all of opinion [2] that the offer was not to be refused, the matter of
ffortification beinge a thinge soe importunately requested by the Col-
ony, and this perticular beinge iudged by diuers of the Planters to be
that w" ext |lought|| first to be attempted, and most easie to be
effected especially consideringe that the Demaunds of Capt Each
were so ordinary and reasonable as although the worke should not be
effected, yet there would arise noe dafiage to the Companie, but as they
conceaue it rather a benifitt by the imploying so goodly and stronge
a Shippe wherein the Lady Wyatt and the rest that this yeare are to
goe may be exceedinge conveniently and safely transported, and the
whole Company ||Bodye|| duringe their stay in the Riuer much
strengthned: Wherefore the Comittees proceeded in treaty with
Capt: Each and the rest of the owners, and it was agreed on by both
parties in the manner followinge, reservinge the confirmacon of the
bargaine to the authority of the Quarter Court.

1. That there should be 150 tui of goodes and 150 persons or prepor-
conablie of each, put and laden abourd the said Shippe: the w™ num-
ber of persons and goodes were conceaued would be verie easily made
vpp by priuate Aduenturers.

2. That the persons should repaye vj" a head in hand and for fraight
of goodes iij" a Tun should be paid vpon Certificate of the safe deliu-
ery of them in Virginia.

3. The Owners of the Shipp desired that the Passengers might be
taken in at the Isle of Wight, w™ although it were somewhat more
charge, yet in matter of health it wilbe doubly recompenced.

12 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

4. And that the good¢ might be deliuered them here by the middle of
Iuly they promising by the first of August to be gonn from the Isle of
Wight if Winde and weather serue.

5. That they would not take in any more Passengers then the Com-
panie should put abourd them, and that duringe the whole voyage the
people should haue their full allowance of victuall.

6. That after their vnladinge in Virginia the Shippe should with all
convenient expedigon fall downe to Blunt-pointe, and there Capt:
Each would diligently imploye himselfe his Shippe and 12 Carpenters
and Marriners to the number of 40, till the end of March in case the
buissines be not sooner effected for the erectinge and buildinge of a
fforte or Blockehowse, and the Companie vndertaketh and promiseth
to supply the said Capt: Each with such a convenient number of
people and landmen as shalbe fitt, and requisite duringe the said
worke; w™ Land-men so sent and imployed should be maynetayned
with victuall of their owne at the Collonies charge, but their lodginge
should be abourd the Shippe.

And the Companies for their partes doe promise.

That if this worke be effected they will make his fraight homeward
800" vpon w™ all good¢ Tobacco, Sassafras C’ w™ shalbe laden in him
shalbe accounted and onely the personall transport of men shalbe
excepted: As for the rate and price of the fraight, he shall not make
any agreement without the consent of the Gouernor.

And that if he performinge his best endeauoures shall not be able to
effect it, by the end of March, but for the perfectinge thereof shalbe
required to staye a Month or more after he shall haue paid him for
euery Months staye 160" by the Gouerno’ and Colony there and so pro
rato, But in case it should happen there by the iudgement of the
Gouernor and Counsell of State within one Month the worke proue
not feazable, then it shalbe lawfull for him to repaire home the first
of January, and that the Companie shall by that time lade so much
Tobacco or other good€ abourd him as shall make in fraight 800"
besid¢ personall freight.

MAY 20, 1692 0 ‘ 13

And for somuch as for performance of this great worke, there was a
matter of 200" required to be disbursed in necessarie prouisions as
namely in Axes Shouell¢ Spade and a Lighter w™ come to the great-
est charge beinge estimated at 50" in all w™ thingeé there could be no
losse although the works did not proceed in reguard they would be of
great vse to the Colony: m‘ Deputy therefore moued to knowe the [3]
pleasure of the Courte for procuringe the said money seeinge the
Comion Stocke was longe since exhausted and the Companie already
fallen into debt (whereof my Lord of Southampton hath willed them
to be verie cautious and sparinge) Wherevpon, it beinge taken into
consideraGon and the importancy of the worke duely waighed, and
withall it beinge signified that this money would be repaide againe by
the Colony who were contented to be at all the charge and would be
readie to make good what Contract soeuer the Company made here
with any such Vndertaker, if the Proiect did not proue feazeable; The
Court herevpon thought fitt to recomend it to the Quarter Court to
entreat some to take vpp so much money, and that it should be pro-
pounded that for his Security he should not only haue the Seale of
the Companie, but also all such Coffiodities as came from Virginia to
the Companies vse should be consigned to him vntill vpon the Sale
satisfacéon were giuen for all such debt€ and daifiages whatsoeuer as
. any such should stand engaged for.

And forsomuch as it was informed that in the time of 8’ Edwin San-
dys beinge Treasuror and since there had well neare 5000": bin paid
in old Debt€ (due in S* Thomas Smithes time) to the great exhaust-
inge of the cofion Treasurie: This Court thought it equall and iust
that if any such debts were claymed hereafter (for w™ neither the
Companies Seale nor any member of the Companie stood bound to
secure by consent of the Company nor did appeare by any order of
Court) the parties complayninge should be sent for satisfacéon vnto

such as were the Treasuror and Deputies in those times.
—

The Courte takinge into consideraéon the request of m* Martin the
Persian touching the double charge imposed vpon his Tobacco by the
ffearmo™ fer in reguard he was a Stranger and havinge informed

14 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

themselues of the priuiledge of their Patent, that giues them power to
enfranchies Strangers and make them capeable thereby of the like
imunities that themselues enioy; Haue therefore ordered that the
Secretary shall repaire to the ffarmors of the Custome with a Coppie
of the said Clause and that with the Court€ speciall cofiendaéon of
m' Martin vnto them, and to entreat their fauo™ toward€ him the
rather in respect of his good likinge to the Plantation whither he
intend¢€ to goe againe, w™ may happily encourage other Strangers to
the like resoluéon to goe ouer thither.

S' Iohn Dauers acquainted the Court with the good seruice that m‘
Waterhouse had donne for the Companie in solicitinge of such as
stood endebted vnto them vpon their subscriptions, Amongst whome
findinge some Refusersand havinge made request vnto the Lo: Keeper
for his letters vnto them, as my lo: Chauncello’ had formerly prom-
ised to doe (aceordinge to the Teno’ of his Ma Letters Patents)
whereby the Companie are to praye his best assistance, of w™ Clause
the Lord Keeper beinge informed was desirous to see the priuiledge
of their Patent in that pointe: w™ for that it could not be deliuered
without consent of a Court by reason of §th§ a late order: It was
nowe therefore agreed vnto, that m’ Waterhouse should haue the
Patent to attend his Lo? therewith and to bringe it backe againe.

It was further also moued that m’ Waterhous Account€ might be
audited and consideraéon had of the great paynes he had taken about
this buissines, w™ the Court hath referred to the Auditors who are to
make reporte.

A request was likewise made in the behalfe of the Lady Dale who for
that her people in Virginia doe not performe couenant¢€ with her
accordinge to their Contract¢, but wronge her much in the proffitte of
her land due vnto her, for w™ cause shee is nowe sendinge ouer a
Servant to require it of them, shee therefore desires the Companies
Letter of Comendaéon to the Gouernor of Virginia to assist her said
Servant in the recouery of her said debt¢, w™ the Court hath prom-
ised shalbe made ready for her La’. [4]

MAY 20, 1622 15

The Lo: President makinge request vnto the Company by Letter in
the behalfe of a kinsman of his nowe goeinge to Virginia, that he may
be directed in the best courses, and be respected the rather for his
sake, The Courte hath promised to affoord him what fauoure they
may and therevpon gaue order for a Letter to be writt to the Gouer-
nor to that effect.

Vpon the moéon of some of Martins Hundred that the bounde of their
Plantation (where they are nowe seated might be extended so farr
either waye as might contayne the full proporéon of all the first diui-
sion together; It is ordered it shalbe cofiended by letter to the Gou-
ernor to certifie what may conveniently be donn therein.

Order was giuen for drawinge vpp of two Patent€ nowe moued in
Court; The one for 8’ [ohn Brooke and his Associat€ and the other
to m' ffrancis Harwell m’ Sheldon and others C’.

And for somuch as there were divers Patents to passe at this next
Quarter Court w™ would require much time to examine; It was there-
fore agreed and ordered that the Quarter Court shall begin in the
fforenoon vpon Wedensday for the dispatch of them and some other
cursary buissinesses.

M' Gibbs Treasuror for the mayde sent this last Sufier to Virginia
havinge had his Accounte€ audited did nowe present them to the veiwe
of the Court, w™ gaue the Companie great contentment: Wherevpon a
moéon was made that the Aduenturers in the said Roll might haue a
ratable proporéon of land laid out together w™ was due vnto them for
transportinge of the said Mayd¢ w*" they desired might be called
Mayds Towne: W® the Court hath referred to the consideraéon of
this next Quarter Court.

M’ Nicholas ffarrar beinge appointed Treasuror for the ffurr and
Glasse buissines, havinge audited the said Account¢ did nowe present
vnto y° Company faire book¢ of them to lye in open Courte: W™ the
whole Court did verie well approue of, and wished the like care had
bin taken in times past; And that these might be a President to all

16 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

other Accountante hereafter, for clearinge their Accounts, with so
much content and satisfacéon to the seuerall Aduenturors and the
-whole Companie.

M' Howe the Cronicler makinge a request for 12" of Tobacco, w™ he
pretends was promised him yearely in consideraéon of his paines and
willingenes to doe the Companie service in his Booke relatinge [to] the
Passages concerninge Virginia, The Court was pleased to graunt his
request for this yeare, givinge order that somuch should be deliuered
him of the Companies Tobacco w™ he thankfully accepted of.

M' Sparrowe mouinge for the Shares of land due vnto him, aswell
for the Aduenture of 50" paid into the Companies Treasury for w™ he
had Bills to showe, As also for his 37"—10° w™ he paid as he saith for
his Capeablenes, and likewise for the transporte of three Servantt
w he sent to Virginia at his owne charge: It is ordered that vpon
proufe made of the premisses it shalbe allowed and assigned vnto him
vnder the attest of the Secretaries hand.

Whereas heretofore a generall order was made in the printed Publi-
cation that whosoeuer did put in 12" 10° Aduenture into the Lottary
and would waue his prizes should haue a share of land in Virginia in
leiue thereof, m’ Ditchfeild moued that forsomuch as a frend of his
had performed that accordinge to the [5] said order that therefore he
might take the benifitt thereof in land as was intended; The Court
ordered that if vpon proufe appearinge his request should be graunted
but generally they could not extend that fauoure vntill the Lottery
Accounté were cleared.

Pharao Flinton a Surgion petigoninge for restoringe the land giuen
him by S' George Yeardley then Gouernor as he saith in reward of
his service w™ he pretendeth to be since taken awaye by Roger Smith
for the Companies vse, beinge cleared ground, or that in recompence
thereof, he might haue somuch cleared ground elswhere; It is ordered
that it shalbe cofiended to the Gouernor for to examine the trueth of
this his informaéon and accordingly to doe him iustice.

MAY 20, 1622 -

These shares of land passed the allowance of the
Auditors and approbation of this Court (vizt)

The younge Lo: Lawarre and the Lady Lawarre his mother, she as
Executrix of the last will and testament of the Lord Lawarre deceased
assigneth ouer fiue shares of land in Virginia of the personal] Shares
vuto m*‘ Iohn Parkhurst Cittizen and Grocer of London.

S* Hen: Maynwaringe Knight assineth ouer two shares beinge parcell
of the fiue passed vnto him from the right Hono” the Ea: of Dorsett -
vnto his Brother m* Thomas Maynwaringe of the Inn? Temple London
esquire.

S’ Sam: Sandys knight standinge cleare and not indebted doth assigne
one share of land to his Sonne S* Edwin Sandys knight the younger.

M’ William ffelgate Cittizen and Skinner of London assigneth ouer
one share vnto Toby ffelgate of Ratcliffe Marriner his brother.

M’ Phillipp Iacobson of London marchant assigneth ouer one share
of land in Virginia vnto his younger Brother m‘ James lacobson of
London marchant.

ffrauncis Carter passeth ouer one share of land vnto ||m'‘|| Thomas
Addison of Lincolnes Inn in the Countie of Middlesex, esquire beinge
parcell of the later forty shares assigned vnto him by the right Hono”
the Lady Lawarr.

M’ Deputy puttinge the Court in remembrance of the elecéon of their
Officers vpon the next Wedensday namely the Treasuror Deputy
Auditors Comittees and other Officers w“ matter he doubted not but
they would take into their serious consideraéon: It was generally
answeared by the Company that they hoped they should humblie
entreat the Lo: of Southampton once more to vouchsafe to hold
the place of Treasuror this third yeare vnder whome God had so
much blessed the buissinesses to their great and generall Ioye and
eomfort. [6]
16456—vor 2—06——2

18 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

A GENERALL QUARTER COURT HELD FOR
VIRGINIA IN THE FORENOONE THE 22™ oF May

1622
S' Edwin Sandis. m" Nich: ffarrar. Capt: Bargraue.
S' Io: Dauers. m'* John Smith. m’ Caswell.
S* Io: Brooke. Capt: Tucker. m* Roberts.
m* Deputy ffarrar. m” Ro: Smith. m’ Jadwin.
m’ Gibbs. m* Winne. Capt: Binge.
m* Wrote. mn’ Steward. m’ Cuffe.
m’* Tho: Bulkly. m’* Meuerell. m’* Mellinge.

with diuers others.

M’ Deputy signified that the Comittee appointed by the former Court
having accordingly mett and taken into consideraéon the matters
referred vnto them touchinge Capt: Martyns peti@on exhibited to his
Ma™ against the Virginia Company and beinge directed to make a
double Answeare therevnto, the one vnto his Ma“ for clearinge the
Companie and some perticular persons that stand accused by his said
petigon, and to certifie that some of the Referrees named therein are
suspected to haue bin the cheife Abettors of Capt Martin in this buis-
sines: And the second Addresse to be vnto the Referrees themselues
as was required: Accordingly herevnto the said Comittee had drawne
vp a shorte petigon w™ beinge presented in Court and twice deliber-
atly read was well approued of and beinge put to the question was
ordered to be engrossed and that a Declaraéon of this yeares Supplie
should be therevnto annexed: There was also another draft read con-
tayninge more ample declaraéon of the perticular passage of this buis-
sines, w” was thought fitt to be referred to a Comittee to be appointed
by the Afternoones Court to take it into consideraéon and out of it to
drawe what they shall conceaue fitt to informe the Referrees.

Report was nowe made of the State of the Lord of Southamptons
Account¢ for this last yeare past w™ havinge bin examined and

MAY 98, 10980 19

approued of by the Auditors were nowe presented in Courte whereby
it appeared that his Lo™ receipt consistinge of these fower heades,
namely by Lotteryes, aduentures, transportaton and fraight and by
the Magazine came to 6756" 2° 3°: And that his disbursemente (as
might also appeare by the perticulars) did fully ballance the other
Some, W™ Account¢ accordinge to the orders of the Company are to
lye open in Court till the next Quarter Court.

And touchinge the State of the Cash (after report made what great
Sofies of money had bin issued out for payment of auld Debte in 8’ |
Thomas Smithes time,) The Auditors declared that whereas there was
graunted fower generall warrant€ for payment of moneyes to m’‘
Deputy and the Committees for w" m‘ Deputy is to account; accord -
ingly he had exhibited his said account¢ to be audited but by reason
of the shortnes of the time and the greatnes of their owne affaires the
Auditors could not attend to audite them, but desired it might be
respited till the next Quarter Court, w* was graunted.

But forasmuch as it appeared by m‘ Cuffe the Bookeeper his Accounte,
that m* Deputy is engaged in the Sofie of 1400" more then he had
receaued, It was nowe thought fitt and ordered that he should be
secured vnder the Companies Seale according to the writinge w™ was
nowe presented by the Auditors: W™ beinge read was well approued
of and the Seale ordered to be therevnto affixed.

Whereas Divers matters of Accounts, depend between Captaine Argall
and the Company, It was moued and thought fitt that this Quarter
Court, should thinke on some course to call him to account w™ if he
shall refuse to doe then to proceed in a legall course against him. [7]

There were nominated for Counsello™ to be chosen this Quarter Court
namely
Lo: Bishop: of London.
m* Binge.
m'* lermyn.
m* Bernard.
1In the margin is written against this sum “‘ viij 8.”

20 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

There was also propounded to be made free of the Company vizt

Deane of Paules.

Do’ Sunnybanke.

m’ Leach.

m’ Pureas.

m* Damport.

m’ W™ Clarke.

m’ Tho: Barwicke.

m’ Whitson Alderm: of Bristoll.

Whereas m’ Cuffe hath kept the Companies booke and Cash these 2
yeares It was thought fitt he should haue 40" a yeare for the 2 yeares
past onely. And vpon his longer continuance and further paines in
that buissines considera@on should be had thereof.

The seuerall Patent€ appointed to be made readie against this morn-
inge Court were read and examined and beinge found agreeable to the
lawes of the Company were put to the question and comended to the
Afternoones Court for further confirmaéon, The Patente€ were these
vizt

To S' Io: Brooke ats Cobham

To m’ Tho: Bulkely

To m’ ffran: Harwell || Aduenturers. ||

To m’ Edm: Winne

\|To Capt. Dan. Tucker'||

To S' Bowyer Worsly’

To m’ Robt. Moston \|Planters||
To: Capt: Hen: Pelham

Also priuate Patents for shares giuen by the Quarter Court vizt.

To m’ Io: Bonnall.”
To Capt: Sam: Each.
To m’ Iames Balmford.

2 This patent is mentioned in List of Records, No. 324, page 166, ante.
* This patent is mentioned in List of Records, No. 325, page 166, ante.

MAY 22, 1692 21

It is also agreed and ordered that those thing¢ that haue bin proposed
nowe and in the Preparatiue Court be first ordered in the Afternoone
before the elecéon of Officers.

M* Do' Turner presented a Bill of Aduenture of 25" vnder the Com-
panies Seale and signed by m™ Atkinson, whereof but 12" 10° is
acknowledged in the printed booke, the rest to be charged vpon 8"
Thomas Smith. [8]

AT A GREAT AND GENERALL
QUARTER COURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA
IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 22 or May

1622

PRESENT

Right Hono’: Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Padgett.
Lo: Haughton.

S' Edw: Sackuill. S* ffrancis Goodwin.
S' ffra: Ley. S' ffran: Egiocke.
S* Io: Merricke. S* Io: Brooke.

S' Edwin Sandys. S' Tho: Wroth.

S’ Phil: Carey. S’ Walt: Earle.

S' Sam: Sandys. 8S Kdw: Lawley.

S* Io: Dauers.

m’ Io: ffarrar Dept. m’ Langley. m’‘ Groce.

m* Gibbs. m‘ Geo: Mole. m* Elkin.

m’ Henry Rainsford. m’ ffoxton. m* Cranmer.

m’ lo. Zouch. m’ Rugles. m’ Rich: Lambe.
m’ Ald: Hamersly. m* W™ Iohnson. m’ Lawrence.

m*‘ Wrote. m’* Withers. m‘ Baron.

22 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’ Nich: Hide.
m’ Christ: Earle.
m’® Geo: Wilmer.
m' Bromefeild.
m’ Risly.

m’ Steward.

Do’ Linsey.

Do’ Gulstone.
Do’ Anthony.
Do Turner.

m’ Rob: Bell.

m’ Ro: Smith.
m’ Io: Smith.
m’ Kightley.

m’ Tomlins.
Capt: Bargraue.
Capt: Tucker.
Capt: Gifford.
m’ Rogers.

m’ Paulauacine.
m’ Io: Porter.
m’ Edw: Gibbs.
m’ Chettell.

m'* Wheat.

m’ Tho: Gibbs.
m* Tho: Shippard.

m’ Morden.

m’ Nich: ffarrar.
m’ Ro: Bateman.
m’ Leate.

m’* Binge.

m’ Bland.

m’ Bull.

m’ Barkham.

m* Caninge.

m’ D’Lawne.

m’ Caswell.

m’ Berblocke.

m’ Barnard.

m’ Geo: Scott.
m’ Ditchfeild.

m’* Palmer.

m’ Tho: Wiseman.

m’ Rich: Wiseman.

m’ Kdwarde.
m* Bennett.
m’ ffelgate.

m’ Kirrell.

m* Swayne.
m’ Io: Lambe.
m* Boothby.
m’ Swinhow.

m’ Jadwin.

m* Widdowes.

m’ Eldred.

m’ Russell.

m’ Martin.

mm’ Harrison.

m’ Mellinge.

mn’ Geo: Smith.
m’ Hackett.

m’ ffran: Waterhouse.
m’ Truloue.

m’ Price.

m’ Challon’.

m* Newport.

m’* Roberte.

m’ Woodall.

m’ Hickford.

m’ Steward.

m’* Meuerell.

m1’ Colethurst.

m’ Stubbs.

m’ Browne.

m’ Nicholls.

m’ Tho: Carter.
m’ Tho Waterhowse.
m’ Gold.

m’ Barber.

m‘ Sparrowe.

with diuers others.

The former ||Q"|| Court beinge read forsomuch as it was ordered by
this morningé Quarter Court, that such matters as had bin nowe and
likewise in the Preeparatiue Court proposed and referred to the con-
firmaéon of this Afternoones great and generall Assembly should
first be ordered :

MAY 22, 1692 : 23

Accordingly m* Deputy first proposed the Contract made by the Cofi-
ittee with Samuell Each Captaine of the Abigall touchinge the build-
inge of a Blockhowse neare Blunt-pointe in lames Riuer in Virginia
In w™ place (beinge formerly veiwed by him) he hopeth to effect the
same ffor performance [9] whereof his demaunde also were so rea-
sonable, as although the worke should not proue feazeable, yet there
would arise no dafmage to the Company but rather a benifitt by the
imployment of so stronge a Shippe for the safe transporte of their
people this present yeare as also the whole Colony would be much
secured duringe her stay there: The w™ bargaine and Contract was —
by the Court conceaued to be verie reasonable, and beinge put to the
question by a generall consent was ratified and confirmed.

And further whereas for the performance of this great worke there
was a matter of 200" to be disbursed in necessarie prouisions as namely
in Hatchettes Axes Shouell¢ Spade and a stronge lighter (w came to
the greatest charge beinge estimated at 50") In all w™ thinge they
beinge of so great vse vnto the Colony, there would be noe losse at
all, although this worke proceeded not, and besid¢ this 200" beinge
onely to aduance the buissines and to be repaide againe by the Colony
who are contented to be at all the charge vpon the vndertakinge of so
important a worke vnto them for these respecte, the Court hath
entreated m‘ John ffarrar to take vp so much money and for his
Security, it is ordered that he shall not onely haue the Companies
Seale for repayment, but also such good¢ and comodities as shall come
from Virginia to the Companies vse shalbe consigned vnto him vntill
vpon the sale he receaue full satisfacéon.

And forasmuch as it appeared by the Bookeepers Accounts that m‘
Iohn ffarrar stand engaged in diuers great Soffies of money vpon the
Companies buissines to the value of 1400" for w™ it was thought fitt
by the morning€ Court he should be secured vnder the Companies
Seale accordinge to a writinge then presented by the Auditors, the
same was nowe againe read and beinge put to the question was ratified
confirmed and ordered to be sealed The Coppie whereof dothe here
ensue.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

By a greate and General] Quarter Courte held for Virginia
the 22 day of May 1622

Whereas’ itt appeared to y° Audito™ by y® testimoney and Accompts
of Iohn Cuffe Bookeeper, y‘ m' Iohn fferrar Deputy hath by warrant
from the Comittees for the vrgent and necessary occasion€ of the
Company for Virginia Disbursed to the Sume of Six Hundred, Sixty
and Nine pounds And further that vppon the Voyadges and buisines
ordered, & vndertaken by y° generall Consent of the Company this
last yeare, the Company remayneth in Debt to the value of ffowerteen
Hundred pounds.
And wheras for the sattisfacéon and discharge of y° said engagements,
Itt was by a generall Court held the eight of May 1622. Ordered y*
the Tobacc® lately sent from Virginia belonginge to the Colledge and
generall Company, should be sould by certaine Comittees & the Pro-
ceed therof be wholly delivered vnto m’ Iohn fferrar; The said Order
is by this great and generall Quarter Court Confirmed and ratified,
and because y‘ y° said Tobacc’ is not likely to discharge butt a little
of y° said Debts; Itt is now further ordered y* what soeve’ as well by
y' Tobace’ y‘* is now com home as y‘* w™ hereafter is to come, y* shall
proue due vnto y® generall Company vppon their Adventure of 800":
in y* great Magazine, shall by the Treasuror of y‘ Magazine from time,
to time, be paid ouer vnto y® saide Iohn fferrar, and that the Acquit-
tance and release of y® said Iohn fferrar, shalbe a sufficient discharge
vnto y°said Treasuro’; And further fo" y® full securitie, and sattisfac-
éon of y® said Iohn fferrar, Itt is ordered that itt shalbe lawfull for y°
said Iohn fferrar to receaue all such monneys & Debts as are due vnto
y° Company & hee can peure and gett in, vntill such time as hee be
fully sattisfied discharged and secured, from y*® Debts and engagements
w hee hath duely, and for ye Companies buisines vndertaken to
gether w™ all y° Interest¢ and damages y‘ shall arise thervppon. And
itt is Ordered & agreed y* y® Acquittances & releases of y° said Iohn
fferrar shalbe a sufficient discharge vnto such as shall pay him mon-
neys soe long as hee shall approue vuto y®° Audito” of y° Company that
1The heading and initial word of this document are in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar. From

this point in the manuscript the handwriting is that of Nicholas Ferrar’s assistant, referred to as
Thomas Collett.

MAY 22, 1622 25

theris mony iustly due vnto him, and in confirmaéon of y* promisses
y° Company haue caused their Legall Seall hervnto to be affixed. [10]

The shares passed in the Preeparatiue Court beinge allowed by the
Auditors were nowe againe read and severally put to the question and
confirmed (vizt)

The younge Lord Lawarrs mother as Executrix of the last will and
testament of the Lord Lawarr deceased assigned ouer fiue Shares of
land in Virginia of the personall Shares vnto m‘ Iohn Parkhurst Cit-
tizen and Grocer of London.

S' Henry Manwaringe Knight assigned ouer two shares beinge par-
cell of the shares passed vnto him from the Right Hono™ the Ea: of
Dorset vnto his Brother m’ Thomas Manwaringe of the Inner Temple
London Esquire.

S* Samuell Sandys standinge cleare and not indebted assigned one
share of land to his Sonne S* Edwin Sandys knight the younger.

Wihierm §M'§ ffelgate Cittizen and Skinner of London assigned ouer
one share vnto Toby ffelgate of Ratcliffe Marriner his Brother.

M’ Phillip: Iacobson of London Marchant assigned ouer one share of
land in Virginia vnto his younger Brother m‘ Iames Iacobson of Lon-
don Marchant.

ffrauncis Carter passed ouer one share of land vnto m’ Tho: Addison
of Lincolnes Inn in the Countie of Middlesex Esquire beinge parcell
of the later 40 shares assigned vnto him by the right Hono” the Lady
Lawarr.

The Share likewise w™ m’ Roberts passed to his Sonne Elias in the
morninge was nowe confirmed.

M’ Roberts presented vnto the Court an Hast India box or Standish
w™ he gaue as a testimony of his loue and respect to this Hono”:
Company.

26 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The reward of 40" a yeare for the two yeares past graunted by the
morning¢ Court to m' Cuffe for his great labo" and paynes in keepinge
the Companies book¢€ and Cash duringe the said time beinge nowe
put to the question was confirmed and ratified.

Certaine gentlemen ||that|| were nominated and chosen by the morn-
ing¢ Court to be of his Ma‘ Counsell for Virginia were nowe againe
read, and seuerally put to the question and confirmed vizt:

The Lo: B® of London.

m’ Binge.

m* Jermyn.

m’ Bernard y° elect Gouernor of the Sumer ands.

There was also then proposed and admitted to be free Brothers of
the Company these followinge

Deane of Paules. m’ Damport.

Do’ Sunnybanke. m’ Whitson Alder. of Bristoll.
m’* Leech. Capt: Tho: Barwicke.

m’* Pureas. m’ W™ Clarke.

who beinge seuerally put to the question were confirmed. [11]

The Aduenturors for the Maides sent the last Sofier, hauinge moued
for a ratable proporéon of land to their Aduenture to be laid out
together, where they intend to build a Towne w™ they desire may be
called by the name of Maydes Towne. The Court hath graunted their
request and approued of the name they haue giuen therevnto.

The Comittee appointed »¥ the ||last|| Preparatiue Court havinge
drawne vpp a short petiGon in the name of the Companie to be pre-
ferred vnto his Ma“* in Answeare of Capt: Martins formerly exhib-
ited w™ beinge read and approued by the morning¢ Court was nowe
againe taken into consideraGon and being twice read was approued by
this great Court And the Lord Cauendish Lo: Padgett Lo: Haughton
were humblie entreated to present the same vnto his Ma“ with all
conveniency w™ they were pleased to vndertake.

MAY 22, 1622 27

The Court did likewise entreat 8‘ Edward Sackuill and m"’ Wrote to
acquainte the Referrees namely the Ea: of Leicester and Lo: Carewe
with the proceeding¢ of the Company touchinge Capt: Martin and the
iust exceptions they had taken against his exorbitant Patent.

The’ Lo: of Southamptons Account¢ for the yeare past were brought
into the Court, havinge been presented to the morning¢€ Court and
the State thereof declared by the Auditors (by whome they haue been
examined and approued) they are therefor nowe appointed to lye in
open Court between this and the next Quarter Court accordinge to the
orders of the Companie.

fforasmuch as Captaine Argall hath hetherto giuen no satisfacéon to
the Companie for the great losses they haue susteyned by his misim-
ploying their Tenante¢, Corne, Cattle and other yearely proffitte in the
time of his Gouerment to his owne private end€ and gayne (to the
great preiudice and almost ouerthrowe of the publique Stocke and
State of the Colony) for w™ beinge questioned heretofore, he hath as
yet giuen noe satisfactory Answeare: It is therefore nowe agreed and
ordered, that he shalbe warned to exhibite his Account€ and required
to make a reall Answeare to what the Company can iustly charge him
withall and to this end the Court hath earnestly entreated

S' Io: Dauers. m’ Io Smith.
m’ Gibbs. m’ Tomlins.
m'‘ Binge. - m* Kightley.
m’* Wrote. m’ Meuerell.
m’ Nich: ffarrar. m’* Mellinge.
m’ Ro: Smith.

orany three of them to meet at m’‘ ffarrars howse the Satturday morn -
inge followinge.

Vpon moéon in reguard the Afternoone was farr spent, it was by a
generall consent agreed vnto that the Court should be continued after
6 of the Clocke till all buissinesses were ordered.

1 Written over ‘‘My” by the copyist.

28 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COPMANY

Imediately after these buissinesses ||things|| were thus ordered, as the
Court were proceedinge after their accustomed manner to the elecéon
of their Treasuror Deputy and other Officers for this present yeare
accordinge to the direcéon of his Ma* Letters Patent, m*™ Alderman
Hamersly rose vpp and havinge first excused his seldome cominge to
Court€ by reason of the Officers negligent [12] warninge of him, he
said That himselfe and m’ Bell were both cofaunded by m’ Secretary
Caluert to deliuer a Message in his Ma” name vnto this Court, namely
to signifie, that although it was not his Ma” desire to infringe their
liberty of free elecéon yet it would be pleasing vnto him, if they made
choise for Treasuror and Deputy any of those gentlemen (commended
for their Sufficiency), whose names were menéoned in the paper nowe
presented in open Court w™ were these that followe vizt

S' Io: Wolstenholme.
S' W™ Russell.
ffor Treasuror were named } m‘ Cletherow.
m* Mawrice Abbott.
m' Hamford.
m’ Leat.
m’ Ro: Oftly.
ffor Deputy ; m’ Stiles.
m* Abdy.
m* Bateman.

M’ Bell beinge also entreated to deliuer the Message he had receaved
from m’ Secretary Caluert said, that he was not present when m' Sec-
retary Caluert imparted this Message to m* Alderman Hamersley but
that there came a Messenger to him ouer night to require him to
attend m’ Secretary Caluert at his Chamber and beinge there m'‘ Sec-
retary told him, that his Ma“* commaunded him to signifie his pleas-
ure that out of his good wishes (for the good of the Company and the
Plantation) he had recomended to this Court certaine Gentlemen
(named in the paper nowe presented) if the Company so thought
good: But it was not his meaning to infringe the liberty of their free
cho[ise}]; And beinge desirous to have had this ||his|| Message in
writinge m* Secretary said it needed not for it was but short.

MAY 22, 1622 : —_ 7m 29

Both w™ Messages agreeinge in substance, and beinge a full remon-
strance of his Ma“ well wishinge vnto the Plantation and of his gra-
ceous meaninge not to infringe the priuiledge of the Companie and
liberty of their free elecéon was receaued with great ioye and con-
tentment of the whole Court and therevpon proceedinge to the
elecéon of their Treasuror for w™ onely three by the orders of the
Company could stand ferit, It was generally agreed that out of the
fiue formerly proposed by his Ma“ for Treasuror, choise should be
made of two of them, to stand in elecéon with one that the Companie.
should name: Wherevpon the former fiue beinge seuerally put to the
question, It appeared by erecéon of most handé that m‘' Clethero and
m’ Hanford were to stand for it: Then the Companie named ||the’||
Lord of Southampton who beinge all three accordingly ballated, the
place fell to ||the’|| Lord of Southampton by havinge 117 bails, m’
Clethero 13 and m’* Hamfort 7.

In like manner out of the fiue formerly named by his Ma“ for Dep-
uty, by erecéon of most hand¢ m* Leat and m’ Bateman were to stand
for it, vnto whome the Companie havinge added m" Nicholas ffarrar,
they were all three put to the Ballatinge Boxe, and therevpon choise
was made of m' Nicholas ffarrar by havinge 103, m’ Bateman 10: and
m’ Leate 5.

Wherevpon m’ Deputy ||tooke*|| his place, ||and|| gaue vnto the Court
humble thanke for their loue and hono’’ testimony, w™ by electing
him to that place, they had giuen him: wherein he professed he
should all his life longe exceedingly glory and reioyce, if he could but
thinke himselfe worthie thereof: But knowinge well the waightines
of the place and his owne great inhabilities, he could not without
feare and tremblinge accept thereof: But since he knewe they would
not vpon [13] any entreaties of his, alter their choise he humblie sub-
mitted himselfe, promising not to faile to the vttermost of his power
to performe the charge they had laide vpon him, Humblie beseech-
inge the Hono” Lords and the worthie Officers with their
Counsell¢ to direct him and the whole Court in generall with their

1 Written over the word “ my.’’ ? Changed from the word ‘‘takinge.”’

30 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

presence to assist him for the well performinge of the Office they had
imposed vpon him, and in perticular besought them to request his
Brother m’ Iohn ffarrar (in confidence of whose assistance, he well
knewe they had made choise of him) to continue the selfe same care
and paynes as he had formerly donn without w™ he could not hope to
performe his place as he ought: Wherevpon m’ John ffarrar made
promise not to slacke any thinge of that zealous and diligent care
\tw*"|| w® himself had performed that office.

Next the Court proceeded to the elec@on of the Auditors confirminge
six of those of the last yeare namely

S’ Edwin Sandis. m’ Gibbs.
S' Io Dauers. m’ Jo ffarrar.
m’ Io: Wroth. m’* Kightley.

and in respect m* Cranmer had remoued his dwellinge from London
whereby he could not attend the buissines m’ Bennett was chosen in
his place who were all sworne.

After this the Court proceeded to the elecéon of the Comiittees, w™
was performed accordinge to the standinge order of the Companie
w* doth appointe one fourth parte to be newe elected and the rest by
erecéon of hand¢ to be confirmed (vizt) of the last yeare were confirmed.

mn’ Berblocke. | m’ Geo: Smith. |. m‘ Boothby.
m’* Bull. m’ Wiseman. . _ mm” Bennett.
m’ Caswell. m’ Darnelly. m‘ Biddolph.
m’ Bland. m’ Mellinge. m* Couell.

vnto whome were nowe added.

m’™ Meuerell.
m’ Barbo’.

m’* Wheatly.
m’ Seaward.

who did all of them take their oath.

MAY 92, 1628 —_— j 31

Edward Colli d : ;
se rns were confirmed in their former places

Sranci#eGarter"Beaile and tooke their oath.

Itt was moued to bestowe on m' John Farrar the late Deputy some
proporéon of land, as a Testimonyel of the Companies thankfull
acknowledgm‘ and approbaéon of the general ||greate and|| faithfull
seruice performed by him in the place of Deputy the three last yeares,
and accordingly it beinge put to the question there were giuen vnto
him 20 shares of old Aduenture: And it was further ordered that
together with the Guift it selfe it should be entred in the Court booke,
that the Court conceaued his merritt€ so great, as if their greater
liberality had not by their lawe bin bounded within the compasse of
20 shares, they would for him haue exceeded it with farr larger pro-
porgon. [14]

Itt beinge moued that there might be some presentaéon of the Com-
panies humble thankfullnes vnto his Ma in respect of the graceous
Message formerly deliuered after some deliberaéon had therevponn
the Court conceaued it fitt to be sett downe in these words (vizt)

That the Lord Cauendish the Lo: Padgett the Lo: Haughton are
humbly requested by the Court to present their most humble thanke
to his Ma“ for his graceous remembrance and good wishes to their
affaires out of w™ he was graceously pleased to recomend certaine
persons for Treasuror and Deputy if they so thought fitt, but without
any infringement of their liberty of free elec@on; And they were
further humbly requested to signify and testifie vnto his Ma“ the
great respect and reverence wherewith his message was receaued and
howe in conformity therevnto, although they had formerly accordinge
to their custome in their Preparatiue Court nominated the Ea: of
Southampton for Treasuror, yet out of the persons recomended by
his Ma“ they choose fower who had most voices and put them in
elecéon with two nominated by the Company vpon whome the places
were conferred by an vnanimous consent of the Company, havinge
founde the Plantation to prosper euery of these three last yeares, more
then in ten before, and found more to haue bin donn with Ten thou-
sand pounds, then formerly with fower score thousand: And they

32 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

conceaued also that in reguard the Staple Comodities of Iron, Silke,
Wyne, Salt, C’ are nowe in establishinge and perfectinge: As also
that the Gouerment of that Country is to be confirmed, that equall
sufficiency for direcéon would not so much aduance the Plantaéon, as
the variablenes of Instrucéons proceedinge from different conceptions
would preiudice the buissines.

The severall Patent€ examined and approued of in the forenoone were
nowe put to the question and ordered to be sealed vizt.

To 8’ Io: Brooke ats Cobham

To m’ Tho: Bulkly

To m’ ffran: Harwell Aduenturers
To m* Edmund Wynn

To Capt: Dan: Tucker

To S' Bowyer Worsley

To m* Ro: Moston Planters

To Capt Hen:- Pelham

Also priuate Patents for shares giuen by the Quarter Court (vizt)

To m’ Io: Bonnall.
To Capt Sam: Each.
To m* Io: Balmford.

It beinge moued that it might be free for Aduenturors and Planters
to take Duplicate of their Patents vnder the Companies Seale, it was
generally held verie fittinge, and therevpon ordered that such as
desired duplicate being engrossed and wittnessed by the Secretary
to be agreeable to their originall might haue the Seale therevunto
affixed. [15]

Whereas at a Court held the Thirteenth of ffebruary last The Com-
pany thought fitt to bestowe 2 shares of land old Aduenture in Vir-
ginia vpon Iohn Clarke in reward of the good seruice he had donn
the Company in transportinge of people and Cattle to Virginia w™
beinge referred to this Court for confirmaéon, The same are nowe
accordingly ratified vnto him and ordered to passe vnder the Seale at
the next Quarter Court as vnto others.

JUNE 6, 1622

AT A GENERALL CouURT HELD FOR
Viramia 5° Tun i622

PRESENT

Right Hono™: Ea: of Southampton Ter
Lo: Cauendish

S' Edwin Sandys. Capt: Gifford. | m'™ Newport.
S' Phill: Carey. m’ Barnard. m' Leuer.
S* Iohn Dauers. m‘ Rogers. m’ Harrison.
S' Io: Brooke. m' ffreake. m* Martin.
S' Tho: Wroth. m* Bromefeild. m’ Seward.
m’ Nich: ffarrarDpt: m* Paulavicine. m' Hackett.
m‘ Iohn Wroth. m’ Caswell. m* Geo. Smith.
m* Gibbs. m‘ Bennett. m‘ Wentworth.
m’‘ Jermyn. m* Wiseman. m'* Cuffe.
m’ Jo: ffarrar. m’* Palmer. m* Woodall.
m* Ro: Smith. m’* Boothby. m* Roberte.
m’ Io: Smith. m* Baynham. m’ Underwood.
m’* Binge. m’ Widdowes. m’ Sparrowe.
pe beet rere m‘' W™ ffelgate. m* Caps.
m’ Tomlins. m’ Winne. m’* Chaplin.
Capt: Tucker. m’* Meverell. m"* Grindon.
m* Ewens. m*‘ Mellinge. m'* Steward.
m’ Rossingham.
with diuers others.

My Lo: of Southampton beinge nowe present signified vnto the Court
that he was content to accept the place of Treasuror for the yeare
ensueinge accordinge to their elecéon wherein he would be ready to
pforme the best seruice he could for the Companie and Plantaéon,
hopinge they would please as formerly to dispence with his absence
when either his Ma“ seruice or his owne vrgent occasions did with-

16456—voL, 2—06——3

34 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

drawe him w™ the Court willingly condiscended vnto, with humble
and harty acknowledgement of their bounden thankfullnes vnto his
Ip: for his noble fauo’ and affecéon vnto the Plantaéon vnder whome
it had pleased God to prosper it so well in the two preceedent yeares
of his gouerment, as there was nowe greater hopes then euer of a
flourishinge State and Cofion Wealth in Virginia, and so his lp: tooke
his oath.

My Lo: Cauendish acquainted the Court with his Ma* Answeare vnto
the Message he deliuered in the name of the Companie in the presence
of my Lo: Haughton and diuers others of the Counsell that attended
them.

ffirst concerninge the petigon he presented to the Kinge in Answeare
of Capt: Martins, wherein the Company through iust suspiGon of par-
tiality in some of the former Referrees desired the matter might be
referred together with those Tts in the first referrence, to certaine other
Lords of his Ma most hono™ Priuy Councell, whome they nominated :
his Ma“ said he much wondred at this newe [16] sprunge vp custome
that Petigoners should nominate their owne Referrees, to w™ his Ip:
made Answeare that in that pointe Capt: Martin had bin their exam-
ple who in his petigon w™ his Ip: then shewed his Ma” had named
his owne Referrees w™ his Ma‘ had approued.

Touchinge the Account of the last yeares Supplie w™ he likewise pre-
sented vnto the Kinge his Ma” graceously accepted thereof.

Lastly vpon presentinge the Companies most humble thanke vnto his
Ma“ for the graceous message deliuered by m* Alderman Hamersly
and m’ Bell signifyinge that in proposinge the persons menéoned in
the paper for Treasuror and Deputy it was not his Ma* meaninge to
infringe the liberty of their free elecéon; Wherevpon choise beinge
made of two of each proposed by his Ma“ to stand in elecéon with two
others named by the Companie they beinge all put to the Ballatinge
Boxe, the elecéon fell vpon my Lord of Southampton for Treasuror
(vnder whose gouerment the Plantaéon had exceedingly prospered
and encreased) and vpon m’ Nicho: ffarrar for Deputy; But his Ma”

JUNE 5, 1622 - 35

seemed not well satisfied that out of so large a number by him rec-
ofiended they had not made any choise: His Ma“ conceauinge that
Marchant€ were fittest for the gouerment of that Plantation in respect
of their skill and habilities for raisinge of Staple Comodities, and
instancinge 8S‘ Tho: Smith in whose times many Staple Comodities
were sett vpp w™ were nowe laid downe and onely Tobacco followed
to w™ his lp: made Answ’‘ that in this pointe as likewise in many
other perticulers touchinge the Companie and their proceeding¢ his
Ma” had bin much misinformed, the followinge of Tobacco onely and |
the neglectinge of all staple Coffiodities haue bin the fruite of S*
Thomas Smiths and Alderman Iohnsons times but on the contrary
euer since it hath bin laboured with all industrie care and diligence to
erect Iron -Mill¢, plant Vineyard¢ nourish Silke and other like, of some
whereof they hoped very shortly to giue his Ma“ good proufe, and
that since the time of 8* Thomas Smith, the Colony had growne almost
to as many Thousand¢ of people as he left hundred¢, good encrease
hath bin also of the Cattle: And that with ten thousand pounds
expence there had bin more pformed for the aduancement of the
Plantaéon then by 8’ Thomas Smith with fowerscore Thousande:
And further his lp did assure his Ma“ that some of those persons rec-
omended beinge present in Court did then and most of them haue
otherwise publiquely since acknowledged and proffessed that they
would neuer haue accepted of those places, professinge themselues
through want of experience and aboundance of other imployment¢
so disable that they should haue brought backe the buissines more in
one yeare then it had gonn forward in these last three so that the
choosinge of them had bin the hazardinge of the whole Plantaéon.

My Lo: of Southampton signified to the Court that himselfe and
some others of his Ma™ Counsell for Virginia together with y*
Gouerno’ and Assistant€ of the Sumer Ilande had nowe (before the
settinge of the Court) been consultinge about a waightie Proposition
made vuto them from my Lord Treasuror w™ they conceaued might
turne to the benifitt of both the Plantations: W Proposition his lp:
entreated S' Edwin Sandys (as best acquainted with the manner of it)
to relate vnto the Court. [17]

36 | RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Wherevpon S' Edwin Sandys signified that my Lo: Treasuror out of
his personall Duety as also the duety of his place bendinge his thought¢€
to the aduanceinge of his Ma“ proffitt and Revenue, and yet carefull
to avoyde greivinge of his Ma” Subiect¢€ and in perticular out of his
Noble affeecGon and well wishinge to the Plantation, wherein himselfe
was one of the most auncient Aduenturers, as also of longe time a
Counsello’ for the same had bin pleased of late to make an overture to
him for contractinge with the two Companies of Virginia and Sumer
Tlands for the sole Importaéon of Tobacco into England, as also into
the Realmes of Ireland: The graunt whereof havinge in these two
former yeares been managed by other Contracto”™ to the discontent and
perhapps Detriment of the said Plantations, they might nowe haue
the Grant thereof made vnto themselues and consequently haue the
sole managinge of all that Comodity with reseruacon of a valuable
rent to his Ma“ w™ he thought might redound to the great benefitt of
the Plantaéons.

Touchinge w™ Proposition his lp: desired to knowe his opinion in
priuate before it were further published, 8‘ Edwin Sandys professinge
his ignorance in matters of that nature desired to haue some other
associated with him, w™ his lp: well likinge of, and giuinge him his
owne choise, he chose 8‘ Arthur Ingram, who then was present beinge
likewise an auncient Aduenterer and Councello’ for the Plantation
and who vpon all oceasions did manifest his great good affecéon to it.

S' Edwin Sandys and 8’ Arthur Ingram fallinge into a consultaéon
amongst themselues touchinge this Proposition and consideringe y*
vneertainty of this deceaueable weede Tobacco w™ serued neither for
necessity nor for ornament to the life of man, but was founded onely
vpon an humo’ w™ might soone vanish into smoake and come to
nothing, whereby the vpholding of any great rent to his Ma” to be
raised out of that Comodity might in a short time bankrupt the Com-
panies, and vtterly ruine the Plantaéons: conceaued that it was a
much safer waye for the Companies rather to yeald vnto his Ma a
certaine proporéon out of the Tobacco it selfe in specie then a certaine
Revenue in money, beinge subiect to so great danger.

JUNE 6, 169 se 37

This Answeare within a fewe dayes after they returned to his lp: who
requiringe their opinion what proporéon they thought fitt, S' Edwin
Sandys made Answeare that the Comodity beinge managed by men
of skill and dexterity he thought that if the Companies should yeald
to his Ma” a fourth part of the proffitt thereof it might raise vnto him
a verie faire Revenue, And for his owne priuate opinion he thought
it not impossible that the Companies (taking all circumstances into
thei ||due|| consideraéon) might yeald to that fourth part, so as to be
discharged of all other burdens.

His lp: herevpon fallinge into a caleulaéon of the quantitie of Tobacco
yearely spent in these Kingdomes, as also of the prices at w™ it might
be sold concluded that without the Grant of a Third part, there could
not be that revenue raised to his Ma‘* as was expected, and as for
other charges his lp: answeared that the old Custome of vj‘ and iiij*
the pound beinge already graunted to his Ma” ffarmors it might needs
be [18] paid, for otherwise the Defalcatons w™ the ffarmors would
deMaund might swallowe vp the greatest parte of his Ma“ Rent in-
tended, how beit he would helpe to bringe the matter to a reasonable
composiéon and such as might be no great burden to the Companie.

In conelusion his lp: aduised St Edwin Sandys to comunicate this
Proposiéon first w™ the Gouernor and Deputies of the two Companies
and if they did approue of his lp* opinion who conceaued it might
redound to the great benifitt of the Plantations and that in more
respecte then one, beinge duely waighed and considered, they might
proceed to impart it to the Companies so to receaue their resoluéon
and further direcéon.

Accordinge wherevnto S' Edwin Sandys hauinge acquainted both their
ttps then present and the Deputies of the Companies with the offer
and nature of this Contract proposed And their ttps havinge cofii-
unicated the same to the Counsell of the one Company and Assistants
of the other they all thought it fitt that the same should be proposed
to the consideraéons of the Companies w™ accordinge to their tps
cofmand he had nowe performed.

38 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Wherevpon after some pause and deliberaéon the Companie signified
their general] well likinge of it: but withall desired that it might not
be concluded vpon vntill such time as they had better considered of
euery perticular matter and circumstance thereto incident and deliu-
ered their opinions thereof either by writinge or otherwise.

Touchinge w™ it was answeared that nothinge could be yealded vuto
to binde the Company without the consent of a Quarter Court, where-
vnto the ratificaéon of this buissines must be referred:

Wherevpon it beinge put to the question first whither they liked to
entertayne this Proposition in generall on such condiéons as should
be afterward agreed and assented vnto by themselues: The whole
Court with an vnanimous consent signified their approbaéon thereof.

Next it was propounded and thought fitt that a Comittee of either
Companie should be appointed to treat and consider of the matter of
this Contract and out of their number to select some to treat with my
Lord Treasuror from time to time about it.

Wherevpon for the Virginia Companie these eight by erecGon of hand€
were chosen (vizt)

The Ea: of “hal m’ Nic? ffarrar Dpt.
S' Io: Brooke. m’ Bennet.

S' Edwin Sandys. mn’ Lo: Smith.

S' Io: Dauers. m’‘ Ro: Smith.

After this the Virginia Court beinge dissolued into a Sufier Dande
Court and the Lo: Cauendish Gouernor of the said Companie takinge
the Chaire, choise was made of six for that ||y*|| Company vizt

the Lo: Cauendish. m’ Caswell Trér.
m* Bernard y° elect Gouerno’. m’* Gibbs.
m' Io: ffarrar Deputy. m’' Ditchfeild.

who are entreated by the Court to take the premises into their con-
sideraéon and to make report from time to time of their proceeding€
vnto the Court, that their opinions and aduises may be also had
therein. [19]

JUNE 19, 1622

At a Virerta Court ||HELD|| THE 19™ or IunE 1622

PRESENT

Right Hono™: Lo Cauendish.

S' Edwin Sandys.

S’ Nich: Lawer.

mn‘ Nich: ffarrar Dpt.

m’ Gibbs.

m'* Brooke.

m’* Jermyn.

m* Wilmer.

mm’ Jo ffarrar.
m’ Steward.

m’ Binge.

m'* Paulavicine.
m’ Ro: Smith.
m* Shippard.
m’* Barnard.

m’ Iohnson.

m’ Geo: Butler.
m* Copland.

m’* Balmford.

m’ Bull.

m’ Palmer.
m’ Caswell.
m’ Jacobson.
m‘ Essington.
m’ Swinhowe.
m* Meuerell.
m’ Widdowes.
m’ Baynham.
m’ Viner.

m* Penistone.
Capt: Tucker.
m’ Wynn.

mn” Geo: Smith.
m‘ Kingston.
m’* Rogers.

m’ Hackett.
m’ Gookin.'
m’ Jadwin.

m’ Mellinge.
m* Barbo’.
m’‘ Towler.
m’ Sparrowe.
m’ Ley.

m* Addison.
in’ lefferrees.
m* Rossingham.
m* Capps.

m’ Grindon.
m‘ Dawes.
m’ Peirse.
m’ Clarke.

with diuers others.

M’ Deputy acquainted the Court that 8‘ Nicho: Lower whose Breth-
ren had bin large Aduenturers longe agoe, was nowe himselfe resolued
to come into this buissines, wherevnto alwayes he had borne a zealous
affecéon and had brought in 25" for the purchase of two shares w™
the Court verie gladly accepted |lof|| and a Bill of Aduenture was
Sealed vnto him for two shares and the money deliuered to m‘ Iohn
Cuffe the Companies Casheer.
1The letter ‘‘k’’ written over the letter ‘‘d.”

40 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

It pleased the Right Hono™ the Lord Cauendish to passe ouer one of
his shares of land in Virginia vnto m* Hobbs w™ beinge allowed of by
the Auditors was also approued and ratified by the Court.

After the readinge of the former Quarter Court m* Deputy acquainted
the Company with diuers complaint€ that had bin exhibited to his
Ma‘ by petigons against the Virginia Company, w™ his Ma“ had bin
graceously pleased to referr to S* Christofer Perkins one of the Mais-
ters of Request€ with order to call the Deputy of the Company and
some others before them to require their Answeares therevnto;
Accordingly himself and some other of the Companie had bin before
S' Christofer Perkins, where they found diuers petigons had bin
preferred against the Companie where they also found Capt: Martin
and Captaine Hazell attendinge their cominge who had exhibited two
petigons to his Ma“* complayninge in their first that the Virginia
Companie denied him the said Captaine Martin the fruiéon of those
priuiledges contayned in his said Patent, wherevnto the Companie had
former[mer]|ly giuen their Answeare: in their second petiéon to his
Ma™ Capt: Martin and Capt: Hazell (with many others viiamed)
entituled his Ma to a large parte of Virginia beinge fower score miles
in cireuite w™ should be sett out by S* Tho: Dale as the Kings fforrest.
[20]

To the Kings moast excellent M*”

The Humble Petition of Captayne [ohn Martyn esq
And Captayne Robert Haswell w™ many others.'

Humbly sheweth to yo" most excellent Ma“* that whereas in time of
S' Tho: Dale Gouernor for yo" Ma“ in Virginia there was a great
quantitie of Woodland Marish and other grounds beinge in cireum-
ference by estimaéon fower score Miles or thereabout¢ for w™ ground
he did compound with Powhatan the Indian Kinge or cheife of that
place and bounded the same out with markeable Trees and other
Mark¢€ of perpetuall knowledge and remembrance with a solemne

1 The caption of this petition is the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar. The handwriting changes from
thia point to that of the unidentified copyist referred to above as the ‘‘ Fourth Copyist.”’

JUNE 19, 1628 — , 41

procession also of many yo’ Ma“ Subiects then and there liuinge
comaundinge notice to givex ||be taken|| thereof and to be alwayes
entituled and called the Kinge fforrest.

In w™ fforrest of yo’ Ma” there is of Deare and wild Swine a verie
great number that beinge preserued with care and iudgement from
the continual] hauocke and spoile that is and wilbe made of them and
their brood, By w” preservaéon yo" Ma“ Colony may be continually
nourished and Shippinge at all times plentifully victualled with Corne
ead Porke Baken and Deeres fflesh beside there is many other prof -
fitable Comodities alleady knowne

Yo’ Petition” therefore most humbly beseecheth yo" most
sacred Ma” to be pleased to take the said fforrest into yo’ owne
handé and to appoint some hono™ person to |{be|| the Cofi-
ander thereof, authorisinge him to give order for Plantaéons
thereon for yo" Ma” best behoufe and proffitt Giuinge order
also for a Iustice of oyer and Rangers and other Officers as
shalbe thought most convenient for the said fforrest and Plan -
taéon.

And yo" Petiéoners shall praye for yo'Ma” happie and longe
raigne ouer vs.

Vnto this Petition as a matter of great consequence 8" Christofer
Perkins required in his Ma“ name a speedie Answeare: Wherevpon
the Counsell hauinge mett in the morninge, and taken it into con-
sideraéon framed an Answeare therevnto w™ doth here ensue. [21]

The Aunsweare of the Counsell and Compagny for Virginia assembled in a
generall Courte to the Petition of Captayne Iohn Martyn and Capt: Robert
Hassell w™ many others unnamed touching that which they call the Kings
Forrest in Virginia’

The sayde Counsell and Companie for aunsweare therevnto saye that they
acknowledge no Kinge of Virginia but Kinge Iames, of and vnder whome
they hold and not from |king|| Powhatan so named by the Petitioners.

True it is that for a permanent hono’ as well to his royall Ma“ the flounder
of that Plantation as also ||to|| his Princely Issue they haue named both their

1 The caption and first four words of this document are the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar.

42 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

chiefe Citties as also other places most remarkeable with the names of his
Ma** and of his Children w® they suppose doth noe waye alter the proprietie
of Inheritance in those places w™ his Ma“ by his letters Patent€ vnder his
great Seale bath graunted to the said Companie for and throughout all
Virginia.

Touchinge the King¢ fforrest so named in the petiton, it is a name happily
knowne to Capt: Martin and his Associat€ but not to the Company and in the
circuit of that Territory w™ they are pleased to call the fforrest are placed
both Iames Citty beinge the principall Citty in Virginia and place of residence
for the Gouernor & Counsell and also diuers other principal planta¢ons and
namely that of the Citty of London.

Touchinge the Deere it is true that generally the whole Countrie of Virginia
is replenished with them, but for the Swyne they are no other then y* breed
of such as haue bin transported thither by the Companie: And it is strange
vnto them y' Capt: Martin who is said to haue ruined aswell his owne State
(if euer he had any) as also the estate of other who put him in trust (as namely
Capt: Bargraue) & who hath made his owne Territory there a Receptacle of
Vagabond¢ and bankerupt¢ & other disorderly psons & whereof there hath
bin made publiq complaint and who is famous for nothinge but all kinds of
base condiéons so published in print by the Relaters of the proceeding of the
Colony aboue 10 yeares since, and who for the said condiéons was Displaced
by the Lord D’ Lawarr from beinge of the Counsell as a most vnworthie per-
son and who hath presumed of his owne authority (no way derived from his
Ma"“*) to giue vniust sentence of death vpon diuers of his Ma” Subiect€ & seen
the same put in cruell execudon, should dare to offer himselfe to his Sacred
Ma“ as an Agent either for matter of good husbandrie or good order.

And as for Capt: Hazell he is neither Aduenturer in the Companie nor Plant‘
in Colony but a meere strang” to both nor otherwise knowne vnto them then
as an Interpreter to a Polonian Lord of his owne creatinge.

But if his Ma“* should be pleased to give |haue] a Royall demeasne sett out
for his Ma” his heires and Successors in Virginia to be and so be called for
euer, the King¢ land there could be nothinge more ioyfull to the said Counsell
& Companie nor wherein they would more willingly imploy their vttermost
endeauors for the advanceinge of a perpetuall standinge Revenue to his Ma"*-

The Court entred into an exact discussement of all the perticular
pointe therein, and hauinge heard it twice read confirmed the same,
and for deliuery thereof to 8S‘ Christof" Perkins, they humbly besought
the Lord Cauendish the Lord Haughton 8‘ Edwin Sandys, and desired
the gentlemen that had formerly bin with S' Christofor Perkins to
attend them. [22]

JUNE 19, 1622 43

M’ Peirs the Capemarchant takinge notice of Captaine Martins Deniall
of protectinge any within his Territories from arest for debt affirmed
that havinge deliuered divers Warrant€ to the Prouost Marshall of
Tames Citty in Virginia, to be serued vpon men that were indebted
lyvinge loosely within Captaine Martins Plantation, the Prouost Mar-
shall told him that the said Capt: Martin resisted the Officer and
drewe Armes vpon him and would not suffer him to execute the said
Warrante.

W™ Capps and one Grindon also affirmed that it was comonly reported
that Capt: Martins Plantation was a place of refuge for such as were
indebted whither they coffionly fled and were protected.

Captaine Rossingham likewise affirmed the same and ¢het if Capt
Martin had bin of power, there had bin no livinge in Virginia.

M’ Jefferson reported likewise that to his knowledge Captaine Martin
beinge suffioned refused to obey the generall Assemblies.

As each man had deliuered this his reporte of Captaine Martin the
Court caused it againe to be read vnto euery of them who affirmed the
same to be truely sett downe as they delivered it nowe openly in Court,
and that they would be ready to iustifie the same vpon their oath.

M’ Deputy further presented a petiton that one Adam Dixon had
exhibited to his Ma”. Also an Attestaton of greivances in Virginia
exhibited by one W™ Kempe, vnto both w” 8S’ Christo: Perkins in
his Ma“ name required the Companies Answeare:

Accordingly wherevnto the Comperie ||Counsell|| had drawne two
seueral] Answeares .

To the Kings most excellent Ma”
The humble petition of Adam Dixon of Virginia '

Humbly sheweth to your most Excellent Ma“* that whereas yo" Petitoner was
hired for Virginia for the seruice of the Companie and Colony as m’-Calker
of the Shippeand Vesselly as occasion requireth and there to serue them for
the space of 3 yeares at the rate of 36° the Moneth w™ time and seruice hauing

The caption and first four words of this document are in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar.

44 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

fully and faithfully performed, yet beinge afterward forceably detayned for
the seruice of the Colony in their imployment for the terme & time of seauen
yeares or thereabout, Also whereas Captaine Argall in the time of his gouerm’
gaue vnto yo" peticon’ and one Io: Berrey a peece of ground vncleared to build
vs a howse w™ he |\weel| did to y° cost and charg of 100" yo" petit hath
vntill this day neuer receaued any more money for recompence & satisfacton
of his time & seruice but 313" So there remayneth due vnto yo" Petigoner
by-the-Companie 150" 8° or thereabout¢ likewise yo" peticon’ and Io: Berry
was this last yeare turned out of their sd howse & ground by S* Geo: Yeardley
contrary to all equity iustice or conscience to o” great discomfort & other
vndoeinge.
Yo" peticon9 therefore humbly beseecheth yo" sacred Ma“ to be pleased
to graunt vs yo" most graceous Reference to the right worll: S" Ro:
Mamsell & S* Christo: Perkins Knight¢ to heare & take order for our
redresse accordinge to equity & right or otherwise to certifie yo" Ma“®
what their wisdoms shall thinke fitt to be donn therein.
And yo" Peti@oners shall euer pray for yo" Ma” longe and happie
raigne ouer vs. [23]

19 Tunij |The Answ* of the Counsell and Company for Virginia

1622 assembled in a generall Court to the petiton of Adam Dixon
The said Counsell and Company for answ’ therevnt say C’ q, this Auns* infra. |
The greevances of certayne Inhabitants of Kikatan in Virginia now called Eliza-
beth Citty by the testimony of William Kemp for thees named and divers others*
Humbly sheweth y* William lulian was by Capt: Argall then Gouernor allotted
vnto him a proporcon of land possessed thereof and built a howse at his owne
eharge |\cost|| worth 30" & was after by y° cofiand of S* Geo: Yeardly ||then
Gouerno’| turned out of Doores, w™ Iulian did also mayntaine at his owne
charge for 3 Moneths 4 men w™ was also taken away from him to serue their
vse without any recompence also.
Iohn Bush hauinge two howses paid for before the said Gouernor came in was
in like man9 turned out and Capt: Nuce put in possession of the same by S*
George Yeardley contrary to all right and equity whereby he lost all his good¢
and his wife in that extreamity miscarried with her child.
The Brother of the said Iohn Bush beinge then dead in the howse and his
wife great with Child was likewise turned out.
Iohn Powell was in like manner turned out of Doores and forced to forsake his
howse w™ he had built at a great charge and had cleared much ground w™ was
verie chargeable to him also.

1 This paragraph and the first five words of the following paragraph are in the autograph of
Nicholas Ferrar.

ae.

tnt WV —-

eS

7; oe and fire woes - tsanie nn sndligentnert
ms — a Hones as ES esis en
& ; howe 77 Cum sed?

ae hae ome = [4 = “na we aes P nt ioe A

al ay

JUNE 19, 1622 45

Thomas Brewer hauinge by casualty his howse burnt and had built another &
cleared much ground was likewise supplanted and turned out of Doores not-
withstandinge he had it confirmed vnto him vnder the Seale of the Gompanie
Colony.
Thomas Willoby had newly hired a howse and was likewise turned out.
Iohn Gundry with his wife and Child hauinge at his owne cost built a howse
was also turned out of Doores.
All or the most of these was of longe continuance auncient Planters and the
best members of the first mechanicke Trade.

W™ Kempe wilbe sworne that this is true.

By me W™ Kempe.

19 Iunij The Aunsweare of the Counsell and Compagny for Virginia assembled

1622 _—in a generall Courte to the petition of Adam Dixon.’
The said Counsell and Companie for aunsweare therevnto say, that the matters
therein contayned are to them vtterly vnknowne, & such as they haue no
inducement€ to pswade them to be true, neither is there extant in their book¢€
the menéon of any such Contract for ought they can finde & if any such were
it must haue bin made in the time of S' Tho: Smith when he was Treasuror
and by his authority vnto whome they referr him for aunsweare and satis-
facton, touchinge the other part of his owne complainte against S' George
Yeardiey who was likewise chosen Gouerno’ of Virginia in the said time of
S* Tho: Smith and by his consent: if he hath cofiitted the wronge and outrage
alledged in the said petiéon, whereof the peticon’ neuer as yet complained
either to the said Counsell or Companie, they will take a course for redresse
thereof with all possible expediton by coffiending the same to the care of the
Gouernor and Counsell nowe resiant in Virginia.

The Aunsweare of the Counsell and Compagny for Virginia assembled in a
generall Courte to y® Greivances in Virginia exhibited by William Kempe.*
The sayde Counsell and Companie for answ’ therevnto saye y‘ none of y° pties
pitended to be wronged by y’° said greivances haue to this Day made any com-
plaint thereof to y° said Counsell or Companie & therefore they haue no cause
to conceaue them to be true y° rather for y* the said W™ Kempe doth not so
much as pretend in his said Complaint any authority from the said pties greived
to exhibite y° same; neither yet hath exhibited it to y° Counsell or Companie
where right might haue bin donn, himselfe havinge bin in England this Twelue-
month & vpward w™ is an argmn‘ of suspicon y* he hath rather bin sett on by
some other mens mallice then moued w™ zeale of right & iustice.

' The caption of this document is in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar.
*The caption and first three words of this document are in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar.

46 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Howbeit y* said Counsell & Companie will with y* next oppertunity (accord-
inge to their custome in causes of like nature) transmitt the said comp" to y°
Gouernor & Counsell resiant in Virginia y‘ if any Trueth may appeare in any
part thereof they may proceed aswell to a due reformaton of y*® said greiuances
as also to y° condigne punishm* of the persons charged to be Delinquent€. [24]

The petigons were read and the Answeares approued by the Court
and the deliuery of them to 8’ Christofer Perkins recomended to the
former Comittee.

Capt:

M’ Deputy signified further that one Capt: Soffiers in a petiéon to his
Ma” had entituled his Ma to the Sufier lands and to 12000" for the
Ambergreece that was there founde, the Answeares therevnto although
it properly belonged to the Sumer Iland¢ Company because the Vir-
ginia Companie was in the petiéon taxed of iniustice and oppression,
he thought fitt by the waye to signifie it vnto them, that they might
see what Machinaéons were sett a foote against the Plantaéons.

To the Kings moast Excellent M*”
The Humble Petition of Captayne Mathew Sommers Petitioner
in the Kings Bench

Humbly sheweth unto your moast Excellent Ma‘' that whereas S™ Geo:
Suffers Knight beinge one of the first and cheife of the Plantation of Vir-
ginia as appeareth by your Ma™ Letters Pattent€ aduentured therein 1000
and odd poundé and beinge forced by fowle weather to saue himselfe and Com-
panie sought an Iand called the Barmudaes where he lost* his Shippe and soone
after his life, yo" humbe peticon" his ifiediate heire and there in person built
a smale Pynnace to convey his Companie for England, and left there men to
continue the possession in yo" royall right.

The Virginia Companie vnderstandinge of this Discouery did challenge it as
their right beinge 100 leagues at the least without distance of their Graunt:
the said Companie sent a Gouernor with men to take that possession from yo"
Ma and findinge yo" Petigoners men to be still lyvinge who found by their
industrie aad a cake of Ambergreece of 160"°waight the the said Gouernor
hearinge thereof did violently take it from them to the vse of the Companie
who sold it for 12000" and offered violence to those men for the confessinge
of more.

1 The address and preceding words of this petition are in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar.
3 Written over the word ‘‘left.”’

JUNE 19, 1682 © , 47

Shortly after the said Companie sold the said Ilands to a perticuler Company
for 2000" as was confessed by S' Edwin Sandys in open court without any
reliefe vntill this Day of yo" Peticone’ either for his aduenture or otherwise
albeit they haue often bin sought vnto at yo" peticoners great charge and vtter
vndoeinge, and nowe not so much as his petigon to be read in their Court, but
threatned to put out his frend the Solicito' thereof out of the Court These
and no other comfort¢ |\can|| wee the auncient Aduenturers receaue amongst
them w™ wee most humblie beseech yo" Ma“* for god€ cause to see redressed.
ffarther yo" Peticoner most humbly beseecheth yo" §sacred§ Ma‘* to be pleased
to enter into consideraéon of yo" owne Royall right€ therein, and to giue order
to the right Hono” the Lord¢ of yo" Highnes Counsell for the hearinge and
Determining of yo" Ma” Right€ and also for the releiuinge of yo" poore
Suppliant.

And he shall (as in duety most bounden) ever pray for yo" Ma“ most

happie and prosperous raigne. [25]

The Aunsweare of the Gouernour and Compagny for the Summer Islands
assembled in a Generall Courte to the Petition of Mathew Sommers prisoner
in the Kings Bench.

The sayde Gouernour and Compagny for aunsweare therunto say *

That true it is that the Companie for Virginia at their owne great charges
furnished and sett out S* Tho: Gat€ and S" Geo: Sufiers K* with a fleet of
diuers Shippes and some hundredé of people in a voyadge to Virginia, of w™
the said S* Tho: Gaté to ||bee|| Leiutenent Gouernor and to hold the cheife
place of Gouerment in the absence of the Lo: D’Lawarr then Gouernor of
Virginia and S' Geo: Sufiers to be Admirall. pag. 24.

And it is also true that the said S* Tho: Gats and S* Geo: Suffers passing both
in one Shippe were forced by fowle weather and a leake in their Shippe to
rufi her vp vpon the rock¢€ of the Iland@ then called Barmudaes and nowe y*
Suffer [andé.

ffrom whence hauinge built a smale Ship and pinnace they went on to Virginia
with intent to send a Shippe backe to the said Barmudaes for the bringinge
of hogg€ from thence to Virginia (whereof in the said Barmudaes they found
great store and in the meane time were left behinde three of y* Companies
men vpon other occasions then in y* said peti¢on is menéoned It beinge then
conceaued that the said Ilands laye nearer to Virginia then afterward¢ proued,
and consequently that they belonged vnto the Companie of Virginia (by ver-
tue of an originall graunt from his Ma“*) w™ afterward€ appearinge to be
otherwise they were humble Suitors vnto his Ma“* for an enlargement of y*
said former graunt whereby the said Barmudaes might be conteyned within

1The caption and preceding words of this document are in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

their lymitt€ w™ they also obtayned, In w‘* meane time S* Geo: Sutiers
beinge sent backe from Virginia to the Barmudaes for transportinge of the
said Hogg by reason it was conceaued that those Iland¢€ lyinge lowe would
not easily be found againe but by a man of great skill in all passages by sea,
such as was S‘ Geo: Sufiers, It pleased God that there he ended his Dayes,
and the peti¢oner Mathewe Suffers Kinsman to S* Geo: Suffers but not his
heire (contrary to the trust and intended purpose of that voyage) in stead of
returninge w™ the said Hogg¢ for Virginia perswaded the Marriners to come
away for England where the said Mathewe Suffers hath euer since continued
for ought that the Companie knoweth without pformance of any the least
service for behoufe of either Plantation: The Companie for Virginia havinge
obtained the said graunt of the Barmudaes from his Ma“* and findinge it verie
convenient for a strength to Virginia to be planted and peopled beinge not
able to effect the same at their cofion charge did passe their right awaye to
diuers principall Members of their Companie vndertakinge for the plantinge
and peopling of the same.

And afterwards vpon surrender of the said graunt vnto the Kinge his Ma‘°
was pleased vnder his great Seale to graunt the said Iland¢ vnto the said Vnder-
takers and to incorporate them by the name of y® Companie of the Citty of
London for y° planting of y® said Barmudaes from thence forward to be called
by the name of y° Sumer Iland¢ for the plantinge and peoplinge whereof the
said Companie haue Dispended of their owne proper goodes to the Sufiie of
one hundred thousand mark¢ & vpwardeé.

And they saye further y‘ true it is, y‘ the said 3 men left behinde in y° said
Handé€ as aforesaid hapned to finde one Blocke of Ambergreece of a verie great
value, The right wherevnto was graunted to the said Companie for the Sumer
Iland¢€ by y® Companie for Virginia at whose charges and in whose seruice y*®
said three men were sett out and imployed, notwithstandinge by reason of
vnderhand conveyance away of the said Ambergreece the said Companie for
the Sufier Iland€ neuer recouered aboue one Third part of y° said blocke of
Ambergreece the certen value whereof they are not able to deliuer, by reason
that: the then Gouernor of the said Companie (beinge then also their Treasuror)
hath hitherto refused to deliuer vp to the said Companie an account of their
Tresury, And touchinge the Third part of the said Ambergreece w™ came
vnto the possession of y® then Gouernor of their Companie & wherevnto they
conceaue they had a iust and lawfull title, they haue notwithstandinge com-
pounded for the same with the finders thereof aforesaid, so as none of them
haue any cause to complaine of y° said Companie and least of all the said
Mathewe Suffers who had no interest therein.

And as for the said peticon™ Demaund of y° right of y® said S* Geo: Suffers in
Virginia for his pretended Aduenture, beinge farr short of y° Sofie sett downe
in y® said petiton, y° said Company saith y* y° said Mathew Suffers beinge not

JUNE 19, 1622 . é, 49

right heire to y* said S™ Geo: SumMers (as was confessed by his Solicito’ one
Capt: Baylie in open Court) can haue no iust pretence to the same, but that y*
Companie for Virginia haue alwayes shewed themselues verie willinge to doe
all right to y°® true heires of S' Geo: Suffers with as much fauour and assist-
ance as they may reasonably desire: And Although ye said Mathewe SumMers
haue no iust cause to stile himselfe an auncient either Aduenturer or Planter
consideringe his short aboad there and soddaine returne without license: And
the said Companie for Virginia haue bin greatly wronged by his Solicitor, y*
said Capt: Baily whome it seemeth nothinge can satisfie but y° distructon of
both y* Plantations, yet if there be any thinge of right belonginge vnto the
said Muthewe Soffiers vpon notice giuen thereof he may receaue all fitt
satisfacton.

This beinge y°* true state of y°® matters complayned of in y*® said petiton The
said Gouernor and Company forbeare to make aunsweare to a multitude of
other pticularities therein contayned: The same being either friuoulous or
void of all coulo’ of trueth. [26]

A moéon was made in the behalfe of m‘ Edward Iohnson that in
respect his father S* Robert Iohnson deceased was an Auncient Aduen-
turer he might therefore be admitted to enioye his ffathers right beinge
his next heire and that he might haue a Patent with as much fauo’ as

the Companie do graunt to any other auncient Aduenturers, both w™
request€ the Court condiscended vnto and gaue order for a Patent to
be drawne against the next Court.

Vpon the earnest desire of diners Aduenturors that m* Copland would
please to goe to Virginia and applie himselfe to the Ministry there:
A moéon was made that forsomuch as he had deserued so well of the
Companie by his good moéons and endeauors w haue redounded
much to the hono‘ and benifitt of the Plantation, as also in respect of
his owne sufficiency and worth (whereof he hath giuen so ample tes-
timony, that therefore some extraordinary care be had for his placeinge
and entertainement in Virginia in good manner w™ moéon was well
approued of and therevpon the Court referred it to a Comittee to treat
andaduise about the same vpon next Satturday morninge at m’ Deputy
ffarrars vizt

S* Edwin Sandys. m’ Caswell.

m’ Gibbs. . m* Meuerell.

m’ Nic" fferrar Dpt m* Roberte.

m’ Jo: ffarrar m‘ Mellinge

m* Binge. or any fower.

16456—voL. 2—06——-4

50 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

S' Iohn Bourchiers request by letter for his Sonn Whittakers returne
for England who (as he saith) intendeth not to staye here any longer
from his Wife and Child, whome he meanes to leave behinde him,
then he can furnish himselfe with necessaries, is referred to the former
Comittee to be considered of.

The petiéon of Thomas Goldsmith Ann Minters and some others were
also referred to the consideraéon of any fower of the former Comittee
to be ordered and reported of to the next Court.

At the same time was presented the peti¢on of Widdowe Smalley con-
cerninge fower Oxen in the Colony wherevnto she pretended right by
Graunt from Capt: Argall, The same Oxen hauinge formerly bin her
Husbands, vpon occasion of w™ petiéon report was made to the Com-
panie of diuers suspitious proceeding€ concerninge the same, as namely
that the said Widdowe Smalley had first exhibited a petitéon and
greuious complaint¢ to the Kinge against Capt: Argall for hauinge
spoiled her of all her goodes, w™ petiéon beinge referred by his Ma“
to the Counsell for Virginia there was after some time brought in a
retractaéon of that petiéon and Complaint against Captaine Argall vnder
her hand and Seale; wherein shee also charged others (but without
any name) to be #eident inciters to her to make that complaint: w™
retractaéon her selfe first desired might be read in open Court: And the
same was afterward€ much pressed by Captaine Argall: but the [27]
Counsell denied it, vnles shee would first name those that had bin her
Incyters, the rather for that Capt: Argall with some extraordinary
vehemency declared, that he suspected some of the Companie to haue
so sett her on worke, and beinge vrged to declare whom he suspected,
he in fine named that he had suspected 8’ Edwin Sandys.

After w™ time Widdowe Smalley repairinge to some number of the
Councell assembled together (of w™ number was the Lord Cauen-
dish, m’ Gibbs, m’ Wrote the two Deputies and others) shee renued
vnto them her complaint against Captaine Argall for w™ beinge
reproued, (havinge before vnder hand and Seale retracted the same)
shee answeared that shee was forced therevnto by Capt: Argall who had
caused that writinge to be made at the Do™ Comons and refused to

JUNE 19, 1682 51

sett ouer vnto her, her Husbands Executorshippe vnles shee sett her
hand and Seale to that writinge, the matter whereof shee said shee did
not well vnderstand, contrariwise shee iustified her former complainte
made to the Kinge against Capt: Argall protestinge she was by no
other meanes moued therevnto, but by the wronge he had donn her,
and that the Petigéon was drawne by a freind of hers dwellinge in
Tower street at her request.

Wherevpon S* Edwin Sandys (beinge then present in Court) protested
that he neuer in his life spake worde to the said Widdowe Smalley
otherwise then in passinge by as shee solicited him, about her petitons
neither euer sent Message to her either directly or indirectly, And he
said that he had not deserued of Capt: Argall or any man el€ that he
should entertaine so vnworthie a suspition against him, havinge donne
nothinge against Capt: Argall otherwise then he was bound to doe by
vertue of his place at what time he was Trefr, as also of his oath vpon
complaint made against him for so great a depredaGon in the Colony
when he was deputy Gouernor, w™ complaint against Captaine Argall
neither moued from him neither yet in the yeare wherein he was
Treasuror, but findinge it a foote it was his Duty to bringe it to Tryall
by lawfull meanes wherein he alwayes followed the Counsells diree-
éons: And although Captaine Argall by meanes of his great frend¢
had not bin proceeded with, to a full and finall Tryall; yet the mat-
ters against him were still in force and validity his Answeares vnto
them hitherto hauing giuen litle or no satisfacéon as he conceaued.

Vpon this occasion it was moued by diuers of the Court that the Let-
ters written by S' Thomas Smith and m‘ Alderman Johnson then
Treair and Deputy aswell to the Lord D’Lawarr as to Capt: Argall
himself might be openly read in Court w™ was accordingly donne the
Coppies whereof doth here followe.

A Coppy of a letter sent to Captayne Argoll in the good shipp the William
and Thomas.

S' Wee receaved your letters by the George’ directed to the right Hono”
Lorde C™ But before the receipt whereof wee had finished ours w™ wee

1The caption and the first eight words of this letter are in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar.

52

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

purposed to haue sent to you by this conveyance without expectinge the
Georges coMinge but by the vnexpected content¢ of yours wee are driuen to
lay aside our former and breifely to declare our mind¢€ in this wherein wee
take no pleasure. [28]

You knowe howe many wayes you haue bin exceedinge chargeable to the Com-
panie not of late onely, but formerly when you contriued the fruit€ of their
expence to yo" owne benifitt without beinge called to an Account they haue
also put hono®* reputaéon vpon yo" person and presuminge of yo" wisedome
and discrecon they made you Gouernor to followe their Coffission and
Instructons w™ in the person and protestaéon of an honest gentleman you
vndertooke to doe.

And therefore it is verie strange to vs to see you so change and differ from
yo’ selfe w™ by yo" word¢ and deed¢ beinge the testimony of yo" minde wee do
sensibly see and feele, As in perticuler yo" intimate first vnto vs that you
hold yo" selfe disparaged in that wee sent you our last Tres subscribed with so
fewe hand€, y* wee termed you but Deputy Gouernor, and that wee should
thinke our Capemarchant a fitt man to deliuer our tres to yo" hand¢, yo" heape
vp also many vniust accusacons against vs and the Magazine, nourishinge
thereby (insteed of pacefyinge) y° malecontented humors of such as seeke to
bringe all to confusion and to ouerthrowe that w™ is setled vpon iust and
equall Termes to be propt of the Plantation there and the life of the Aduen-
turers here, w™ both vndoubtedly must stand and fall together But wee shall
easely put by all such yo" weeke imputacons when time shall serue to Debate
the perticulers and when wee feare yo" selfe will not be able to aunsweare yo"
owne AcGons, yea yo" owne tres dated at Iames Towne, in March i617 shall
iustifie vs in some of those perticulers touchinge the Magazine wherein yo" are
contrarie to yo" selfe.

Tobacco and sassafras onely for iust causes are restrained at reasonable rat¢€
to the Magazine, and you beinge Gouernor restraine noe man but Passengers
M’ Marriners bringe the greatest part of Tobacco and all the Sassafras for
themselues, It is laid vnto yo" charge that you appropriate the Indian Trade
to yo’ selfe, yo" vse our ffrigatt that came from the Sumer Iland¢ and the
other with our men to trade for yo" owne benifitt, yo" proclaime in the Colony
that no man shall trade with the Indians nor any buy any ffurrs but yo" selfe:
It is also iustified that you take the auncient Planters of the Colony w™ ought
to be free and likewise those from the coffion garden to sett them vpon yo"
owne imployment¢, and that you spend vp our store Corne to feede yo" owne
men as if y° Plantaton were onely intended to serue yo" turne.

Wee cannott iffagine why you should giue vs warninge y* Opachankano and
the Natiues haue giuen their Country to m™ Rolf¢ Child and that they will
reserue it from all others till he comes of yeares except as wee suppose as some

JUNE 19, 1698 53

do here report it to be a Deuise of yo" owne to some egpeaciall purpose for yo’
selfe but whither yours or thers wee shall litle esteeme of any such convey-
ance.
Yo" say you haue disposed of all our kine accordinge to o* Coffiission It
seemeth you neuer looke vpon our Instruccons, wee gaue yo" no such Coffiis-
sion but the contrary in expresse word€ as that you should preserue and nour-
ish them to y* coffion vse only a fewe w™ wee had disposed whereof wee send
you the pticulers wee thought it vmpossible when wee made you Gouernor y'
euer you should offer vs this kinde of dealinge not once to menton howe many
to whome nor for what consideraton, but to do them all away of yo" owne
head & to take satisfacton to yo" selfe: Wee must let you knowe wee allowe
of no such sale nor of the Deliuery of any one Cowe by you farther then yo"
Instructons do expressely warrant.’
But aunswearable to this and the rest $ | you] haue alsoe delte w™ us for the
Hyd¢ about w™ its well knowne to y'selfe what trouble wee had w™ the L:
Admirall and y° Spanish Embassadour and how dearly they cost us and wee
know how much it would haue imported us to haue had them sent by this
shipp as well for y° reputation of our returne as alsoe for helping to defray
the greate chardge of the voyadge notw“standing they being fayrely
demaunded of you it hath pleased you there to stay them in your owne Gu
custody and to suffer the shipp to com hom w™ other mens good¢ and not once
vouchsafing to mention the Hyd¢ in your generall Letter but in this manner
That y" being made Admirall doe know how to dispose of unlawfull purchase
and by this wee must understand the Hyd¢€ to bee yours as for the debts and
wages w™ you say y" haue payde for us wee marvell y" doe not sende us a
noate of the perticulars for to our knowledge wee are not in y* kynde indebted
to any man, yf there bee any such matter or y* you haue provided any stuff
for the Colledg as y" writt yett y" must not imagine y‘ wee are soe insencible
of reason as to suffer either of those to bee a cloake for y" to detayne our
hyd¢ or to convey all away all our Catle and Corne either you must thinke
highly of y'selfe or very meanely of us in y* being our substitute y* will pre-
sume to offer us theese wrongs, and to suppose y" may doe what you list in
such a publique cause wout being called to accompt wee haue therfore
determined of a course and wee haue written to the Lord Gouernour w™ wee
doubte |not|| but his Lorf will impart unto you and soe wee rest.
Your very louing freind¢
Thomas Smith. Thon Dauer.
London 22 August Lionell Cranfeild. Thon Wolstenholme.
1618 Robert Ihonson. [29]

1The remaining part of thia letter and all of the letter following are in the handwriting of
Nicholas Ferrar.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Taken oute of the Coppy of a Letter sent to the Lord Delawarr
by the William and Thomas The 23 of August 1618 touching C: Argoll

Wee are now enforced to write unto your Ldp: of important matter of another
nature which is touching m* Samuell Argoll whom wee made Gouernour in
your Lordps absence. Wee make noe doubte but hee hath deliuered the
Gouerment w™ an accompt of his doings into your Lops hands. Wee haue
received from him by the George a very straunge letter which together w™
those Informations y* wee haue agaynst him by sundry Witnesses lately com
from thence doe importe more discontent to the Aduenturers heare & more
hazard to the Plantation then euer did any other thing y* befell that Action
from the beginning. His discontent¢ in y* wee subscribed our letter sent unto
him w™ few hands, our terming him to bee but Deputy Gouernour hee dis-
dayning to bee Deputy to any man, our letters to bee deliuered unto him by
soe meane a man as the Cape-merchaunt w™ many such like w™ wee pass ouer.
And breifely* wee must complayne to your Lop of his neglecting and trans-
gressing our Commission and Instructions. First hee hath made away all the
Kyne belonging to the Collony and taken satisfaction for them to himselfe
wheras wee gaue him express chardge in his Instructions to preserue and
nourish them to the Common use except some few which wee had disposed
wherof wee writt him in perticular. He hath suffered passengers mariners
and others w™ out restraynte to shipp moast of the Tobacko and all the Sassa-
fras for themselues which by order of Courte at certayne rates agreed uppon
are appropriated to the Magazine—Hee armes himselfe and others w™ uniust
accusations agaynst us to ouerthrow the magazine. Without which wee know
assuredly y‘ neither the Adventurers heare nor the Plantation there can long
subsist. Hee hath gotten possession and keepes back our Hyd@ under pre-
tence of being Admirall w™ cost our ioynt stock well neare —400"—w"™ a
greate deale of toyle and trouble before wee could obtayne them w™ his obsti-
nate refusall to deliver them hee hath dofi us soe greate displeasure at the
returne of this ship as hee could not haue worked to haue dofi us a greater.
Hee hath forbidden all trade and commerce w™ the Indians but trades amongs|t}
them w” the Summer Island Frigott and our men to his owne benifitt. Hee
takes the auncient Collony men which should now bee free and our men from
the Common Garden to sett them aboute his owne imployment and w™ the
Collonys stoare of Corne feeds his men hee proclaym€ y‘ noe man shall dare
to buy any thing of Furr |\of the Indians] but himself as yf the Plantation and
y° people there were ordayned onely to serue his turne. Theese and to many
like Errours of his are layde to his chardge for w® the Adventurers heare will
noe ways bee satisfyd w™out his personall appearance to make his Aunsweare
and they are hardly restrayned notw™standing the Kinges [farr of in?]
progress from going to the Court to make there Complaynte and to procure

1 Written over ‘‘ cheifely.’’

JUNE 19, 1692 55

his M*“ commaund to fech him home and therfore wee pray y” Lordp for the
avoyding of farther scandall and slaunder to the Gouerment of our Plantation
y‘ you will cause him to bee shipped home in this ship the William and Thomas
to satisfy the Adventurers by aunswearing such things as shall be layde to his
chardge and for y* wee suppose there will bee found many misdemeanours of
his for w™ hee must make satisfaction to the Compagny wee pray your Lorpt
to ceaze uppon such goods of his as Tobacko and Furrs wherof it is reported
hee hath gotten together a greate stoare to the Collonies preiudice and to sende
them to us to bee in deposite till all matters bee satisfyd and y* y" Lop: would
bee pleased to take back agayne thos Kyne and Bullocks w™ by his unlawful
sale are dispersed heare and there and y‘ they may bee brought together
agayne to the Collonies use and to such others of the Hundreds as the Generall
Courte by y* Lopps consent did order and appoynt.
Your Léps very assured to doe y" service
London 23 of August S* Thomas Smith
1618. S* Thon Dauers
S* Thon Wolstenholme
Robert Ihonson [30]

After w 8’ Edwin Sandys appealed to the iudgement of the Court
whither these charges against Captaine Argall had their originall from
him or from other who are nowe reputed to be his best freinde: True
it twas that one thinge fell out in his yeare, namely the sendinge out
of Captaine Argalls Shippe both victualled and manned from the
Colony a rovinge to the West Indies whereof complainte beinge made
from the Gouernor and Counsell in Virginia as of an Act that might
worke their vtter ruine and extirpacon, he could do no lesse then
giue notice thereof according to his oath to the Lords of his Ma priuy
Counsell wherein he did nothing otherwise then by the direcéon of
the Counsell and Companie and with as much moderaéon as the cause
could possiblie beare.

After w™ delberaéen ||declaraéon|| made by 8S’ Edwin Sandys it was
generally pressed by the Companie, That whereas the last Quarter Court
appointed a select Comittee to call Captain Argall to an Account, for
the losses w™ the Companie and Colony haue sustayned by his mis-
imployinge, and convertinge to his owne vse their Tenant¢€ and Ser-
vante their Cattle and Corne and other good¢€ and yearely proffitt€ in
the time of his gouerment to his owne excessiue gaine and lucre, and

JUNE 19, 1692 55

his M*“ commaund to fech him home and therfore wee pray y” Lordp for the
avoyding of farther scandall and slaunder to the Gouerment of our Plantation
y‘ you will cause him to bee shipped home in this ship the William and Thomas
to satisfy the Adventurers by aunswearing such things as shall be layde to his
chardge and for y* wee suppose there will bee found many misdemeanours of
his for w™ hee must make satisfaction to the Compagny wee pray your Lorpt
to ceaze uppon such goods of his as Tobacko and Furrs wherof it is reported
hee hath gotten together a greate stoare to the Collonies preiudice and to sende
them to us to bee in deposite till all matters bee satisfyd and y* y" Lop: would
bee pleased to take back agayne thos Kyne and Bullocks w™ by his unlawful
sale are dispersed heare and there and y‘ they may bee brought together
agayne to the Collonies use and to such others of the Hundreds as the Generall
Courte by y* Lopps consent did order and appoynt.
Your Léps very assured to doe y" service
London 23 of August S* Thomas Smith
1618. S* Thon Dauers
S* Thon Wolstenholme
Robert Ihonson [30]

After w 8’ Edwin Sandys appealed to the iudgement of the Court
whither these charges against Captaine Argall had their originall from
him or from other who are nowe reputed to be his best freinde: True
it twas that one thinge fell out in his yeare, namely the sendinge out
of Captaine Argalls Shippe both victualled and manned from the
Colony a rovinge to the West Indies whereof complainte beinge made
from the Gouernor and Counsell in Virginia as of an Act that might
worke their vtter ruine and extirpacon, he could do no lesse then
giue notice thereof according to his oath to the Lords of his Ma priuy
Counsell wherein he did nothing otherwise then by the direcéon of
the Counsell and Companie and with as much moderaéon as the cause
could possiblie beare.

After w™ delberaéen ||declaraéon|| made by 8S’ Edwin Sandys it was
generally pressed by the Companie, That whereas the last Quarter Court
appointed a select Comittee to call Captain Argall to an Account, for
the losses w™ the Companie and Colony haue sustayned by his mis-
imployinge, and convertinge to his owne vse their Tenant¢€ and Ser-
vante their Cattle and Corne and other good¢€ and yearely proffitt€ in
the time of his gouerment to his owne excessiue gaine and lucre, and

56 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

to the great detriment of the Companie and almost distrucéon of the
Plantaéon: That for asmuch as the said Comittee hath hetherto donn
nothinge in that matter, they were earnestly entreated by this Court
to proceed therein with all expediéon and diligence and to make report
of their proceeding? to the next Court if it be possible or el€ as soone
after as they can with any conveniency that further order may be
taken therein at the Quarter Court followinge.

It beinge moued to knowe the pleasure of the Court for sale of the
Tobacco brought home in the George, in respect the market here
were but bad for ventinge Tobacco except ata very lowe price: It
was aduised (that vnlesse it could be sold for 4° p “) to forbeare the
Sale both of the Companies Tobacco, and of the Magazine some fewe
dayes longer vntill it might be knowne whither the intended Contract
with his Ma“ did proceed or not.

A moéon beinge made for auditinge of m’ Peirs Account¢ and for decid -
ing some differences between m’‘ Leate and m‘* Morris Abbott about
the Tobacco that m’ Leate bought of the Companie for 2° 3° the pound
The Court appointed

m’ Nich: ffarrar Dpt. m’ Bennett.
m’ fo: ffarrar. m’* Palmer.
m’ Bull. . mm Boothby.
m‘ Essington. — : m* Caswell.
m’ Kightley. — m’* Mellinge.
m’ Sheppard. ~ : m’ Meuerell.

or any fower of them to meet when m' Deputy shall appointe.

Iames Mootham passed one of his shares of land in Virginia w™
allowance of the Auditors and approbaéon of this Court.

ffrancis Carter passed ouer one share of land in Virginia vnto Thomas
Waynwight Cittizen and ffishmonger of London beinge peell of the
later 40 shares assigned vnto him by the right Hono’ the Lady
Lawarr.

ffrancis Carter passed likewise two shares of the said number vnto
M’ Robert Smith Cittizen and Marchantaylo’ of London. [31]

JUNE 29, 1682

AN EXTRAORDINARY CourT FOR VIRGINIA
ON SATTURDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 297
oF IunE i622

PRESENT

Right Hono™ Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Haughton.

S' Edwin Sandys. m’ Bull. m’* Bennett.
S* Sam: Sandys. m’* Paulauicine. m* Woodall.
8 Io: Dauers. m* Palmer. mn’ Swinhow.
8’ Io: Brooke. m’ Caswell. m’ Peirs.
m’* Gibbs. m’* Widdowes. m'‘ Jadwin.
m’ Nich: ffarrar Dpt. m”’ Baynham. m* Harrison.
m’ lo: ffarrar. m* Geo: Smith. m’ Berblocke.
m’* Ro: Smith. m’ Mellinge. in’ Iefferson.
m’* Tomlins. m’ Bolton. m’ Roberte.
m'‘ Oxenbridge. m’* Hackett. m' Ditchfeild.
Capt: Bargraue. m’* Withers. m’ Perry.
m1’ Cuffe. m’ Wiffin. m* Porter.
m’ Binge. m’ Hart. m’ Nicholle.
m’ Copland. m’ Rider.
m’* Whitly. with diuers others.

This Court beinge purposely called to be made acquainted howe farr
the Comittee (appointed by the former Court) had proceeded in their
Treaty with the right Hono” the Lord High Treasuror of England
touching a Contract to be made with his Ma‘ by the Virginia and
the Sufier Ilande Companies for the sole Importation of Tobacco,
S' Edwin Sandys beinge entreated by my Lo: of Southampton to make
the relaéon signified vnto the Court that aforesaid Cofittee after

58 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

mature deliberaGon had vpon.the premisses thought fitt to offer to his
Ip: certaine Propositions touchinge this intended Contract. w™
Propositions accordinge to his Ip* desire were sett downe in writinge
and the same were nowe also read in Court beinge here ensuinge.

Propositions from the Compagny of Virginia and the Summer Islands offered
to the Consideration of the Lord High Tresuror of England touching a Con-
tract to bee made w™ his M*” for y° sole Importation of Tobacko.

J. That the Compagny haue the sole’ importaton of Tobacco into the Realmes
of England and Ireland.

2. That his Ma“® by Proclamaéon inhibite all others vnder paine of confiscaton
of their Tobacco and his Ma* high displeasure.

3. That likewise the plantinge of Tobacco in England and Ireland be forbid-
den by the same proclamaéon vnder a grieuous penalty.

4. In consideraéon whereof as also for that the Companies shalbe discharged
from alt |lany|| other payment€ due to his Ma"° or to any other persons by
graunt from him exceptinge onely the auncient custome sett downe in y°
printed booke of rat€ (of 6* p " for roll Tobacco and 4* the for leafe) the Com-
panies shall pay vnto his Ma“* y° proffitt of a full fourth part of all y° Tobacco
that shalbe yearely imported and vented in either of these two Realmes
duringe the said Contract and if the said fourth part shall not amount to the
full value of 20000" by the yeare to his Ma“* aboue all charges and deducéon
[82] in y’ case the Companies shall make addiéon out of their said Tobacco in
such quantitie as to make vp the said 20000" prouided that the said additon
yealded vnto by y*® Companies in case aforesaid do at no time exceed a full
Third part of the entire yearely value of their said Tobacco.

5. And Touchinge the said Custome their desire is that his lp: would be pleased
that it might be reduced vnto a certen Sufi beinge the medifi of these seauen
yeares last past, of w™ sofie the Companie to paye the ratable part to their
proporéon of Tobacco and his Ma“ the like ratable part te-his-

6. That the Tobacco to be brought in be consigned all into one hand vizt of
such Officers as the said Companies shall appointe, And the said Companies
haue the sole managinge of the said sale of Tobacco yealdinge vnto his Ma“ a
true and perfect Account thereof and payinge the proffitt w™ shall growe due
vnto his Ma“* ynto such as the Lo: Treasuror shall appointe to receaue the
same.

7. That all charges aswell for the fraight and carriage as for all other thing¢
incident to the orderinge and Disposinge and sale of the said Tobacco be
Defalked and allowed in y° said Account€ proporconably out of his Ma“ and
out of the Companies parte.

} The caption and preceding words of this document are in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar.

JUNE 29, 1622 59

8. That his lp: be pleased to take a strict course for the preventinge of all
vndue bringing in of Tobacco by other meanes.

9. That his Ip: be likewise pleased for the present to take order for the pre-
uentinge of y°® bringing in of any Spanish Tobacco more then the allowance
already sett.

10. That all confiscaton and other penaltys vpon this Contract be diuided into
three part¢€ the one part to his Ma‘ vse, the other to the Companies and the
third to the Informer.

11. That this Contract begin at Michas next and continue for seauen yeares.
12. That this graunt intended be for all other matters tendinge to this buis-
sines drawne in most benificiall sort for y° Companies and for the aduancement _
of the Plantaton, his Ma” proffitt as aforesaid reserued.

13. That if any confiscaton of Tobacco shall happen between this and Michas
next the same may be for the vses aforesaid w™ if it cannot be granted that
yet at least wise the Tobacco so confiscated may be sent out of the Realme to
be sold elswhere and not to cloye these Kingdomes therewith w™ would tend
aswell to y° Dafiage of his Ma’’ as of y° Companies.

14. That |jin|| his Ma‘ said Proclamacon there may be inserted a lymitaton of
y® price of Tobacco aswell for the said Companies as for y° Retaylors so that
the Companies shall sell no Tobacco at aboue 8* the pound nor the Retaylors
at aboue 10° and so ratably for lesser quantities, single pipefulls of Tobacco
onely excepted.

15. Lastly the Companies humbly beseech his Ip: to be a meanes that his
graceous Ma‘* may be more truely informed of their present proceedings in
this his Ma“ seruice for y° benifitt & aduancem' of these his royall Plantagons
hauinge found to their exceedinge great greife and discouragem‘ y‘ the malign-
ers of them and their Actons, haue much preuayled against them by most
vntrue suggestions, that so standinge right in his Ma“ fauo™ they may with
more efect continue in their toylesome cares and endeauo™ for the setting
forward of these noble works and in all other seruices that may be acceptable
to his Ma”.

In aunsweare wherevnto his lp: deliuered three exceptions taken
against them.

The first was ¢hat the offer of a fourth part by the Companies with a
conditionall addition might be altered into an absolute graunt of a

third.
Secondly that there be no discharge of the Patent of garbelinge.

Thirdly that the Kinge might not be charged with any fraight.

60 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Vnto w® seuerall exceptions the Committee had framed an Answeare
and had also made an Addiéon of certaine clauses assented vnto to be
inserted in the Contract hauinge bin omitted in the first Propositions.
W Answ’ to the Exceptions and those other Additions were here like-
wise read, and are these ensuinge. [33]

The Answeare of the Comiittees to certen exceptions taken on the Lord Treas-
urors behalfe to the Proposicons of the Companies touchinge the sole Impor-
tation of Tobacco.

First his lp: requires that the offer of a fourth part with some condi-
conall addition be altered into an absolute graunt of a third parte.

The Coffiittees make answeare that the Generalities of the Companies do con-
ceaue the offer of a fourth part with the conditon of enlargement annexed, to
haue haue bin so large, as that it would haue been accepted: Notwithstand-
inge the Comittees will doe their best endeauors to drawe them by pswasion
to yeald to this Demaund of a Third part, So that there be no further burdens
laid vpon them: w“ if there should be they thinke it not possible to bringe
the Companies to yeald vnto it.

Secondly it is required by his Ip that there be no discharge of the Patent
of Garbellinge.

The Cofiittees answeare that they are crediblie informed that the Patent for
Garbellinge hath not hitherto taken effect vpon any man as beinge question-
able, first whither Tobacco be garbellable at all, and secondly whither the
proporéon of a groat vpon the pound be not excessive, consideringe that some
Tobacco is daylie sold for litle aboue that value (all duties discharged) And in
perticular for themselues the Companies alledge that by their precedent Letters
Patent€ graunted from his Ma“* they stand free and discharged from all Taxes
besid€ the Customes: Notwithstandinge the Comittees conceaue, that if his Ip:
would be pleased, that in this Contract and Grant intended the Companies
might be clearely dicharged from all clayme of that Patent: It would be a
great inducement to the Companies to yeald to that third part desired: Whereas
contrariwise if they should conceaue that besid€ that Third part and the old
custome expressed in the printed booke of Rat€ (w™ they yeald to paye for
their two Thirdé) they shalbe also charged with this grote for garblinge it
would amount in the whole to a full moytie of their goode¢.

Thirdly his Ip: doth not hold it reasonable that the Kinge should be
charged with any fraight considering that his right to the third doth
growe vpon the arriuall of the same within these his Kingdomes But
his Lp: is well pleased that in all other charges after the said arriuall
the Kinge beare his part accordinge to his proportion of a third.

JUNE @9, 1008 © 9-1. +s. 61

The Comittees answeare that they will do their best endeauo’ to pswade the
Companies to rest satisfied herewith.

Addition of certen clauses assented vnto to be inserted in the said Con-
tract hauing bin omitted in the first Propositions.

That there be a Clause inserted for restraint of bringinge in Spanish Tobacco
aboue 60000 waight.

That there be likewise inserted in the Contract a Graunt or Couenant from his
Ma” against the grauntinge of Licenses to Retaylors of Tobacco: But that the
Sale thereof may remaine free as hitherto it hath donne.

The ratinge of the prices of Tobacco aswell for the Marchant as the Retayler,
his lp: is pleased to leaue to be sett downe by the Companies vpon full debate
of all reasons thereto incident.

Whereas they haue receaued from his Ip: the medit of the quantity of Tobacco
brought in these seauen last yeares endinge in Michas i62i amountinge to
1420854.

The Comiittees desire that by a newe examinagon it may be more perticularly
sett downe howe much thereof was roll Tobacco and howe much was leafe
because of the different customes and that the whole may be reduced into a
certaine Soffie of money: of w Some one Third to be paid by the Kinge and

two Third¢ by the Companie and the Customers to make noe further demaund.
[34]

Hee further signified that since that time the Comittee had receaued
his Lp’: pleasure vpon a newe Proposition vizt that for these two
next yeares either the Companie should be bounde to bringe in 60000
waight of Spanish Tobacco or otherwise permitt 40000 waight to be
brought in by some other.

W* newe Proposition appearinge verie greivous vnto the Cofittees,
and such as did crosse their original] purpose, they made replye with
eight reasons against it w“ they also caused to be deliuered ||in writ-
inge|| to his lp: being these ensuinge.

The Comittees haue lately receaued his Ip: pleasure vpon a newe Propo-
sition not formerly mentioned vizt That for these two next veares either
the Companie should be bound to bringe in 60000 weight of Spanish
Tobacco, or in case of their vnwillingnes to be thereto tyed they should
be content that some other might bringe in 40000 weight of Tobacco:
whereof his Ma“* to haue likewise the proffitts of one Third.

62

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Cotiittees make Answeare that they conceaue that the beare publishinge
of this Propositon would breed in both the Companies so great aversnes, that
they would be vncapeable of that perswasion w™ they nowe trust may pre-
vayle to induce them to yeald to the former point¢ in question.

The reasons which moue the Comittees to be of this opinion are

these ensuinge.

1. They say that the example of bindinge men to bringe in any forraigne
Comodities, whereof there is is sufficient growinge within the Kings owne
Dominions will seeme verie strange, and such as they suppose hath not bin
heard of in any part of the world.
2. They say that the former Patentees for the sole Importaéon were free from
this Bond.
8. They conceaue that this proporton doth ouerthrowe the former Contract
in the most materiall part€ thereof, especially if it should be yealded that any
other besid€ the Companies should haue liberty to bringe in any Spanish
Tobacco.
4. They leaue it to his Lps: graue consideraton whither the forbiddinge to
plant Tobacco in England: and the coffaundinge thereof to be brought in
from a forraigne Country, beinge conceaued to haue bin a chiefe cause of the
want of money in this Realme would not be greivous to the English Subiect,
and greatly preiudiciall to the Patentees in their reputacon.

They saye that the proporton menéoned in the Proposition of 60000 waight
seemeth verie excessiue, and more then was brought in, in diuers of the said
seauen yeares, when there was no restrainte at all for bringinge in of Spanish
Tobacco.

They conceaue that this Proposition may in effect clearely crosse the two
mayne ends proposed to this Contract, namely the proffitt of his Ma“* and the
benifitt of the Plantations: seeinge that it is generally knowne and confessed,
that there hath bin in these later yeares as much Tobacco vnduely brought in
without payinge of Custome, as that w™ hath bin orderly brought in by the
Marchant w™ if it hath heretofore bin 12° out of the Kings waye will nowe
vpon this Contract ||willl| be neare ten times as much, and the onely waye to
auoyde that fraude and mischiefe, is the certaine discerning of the seuerall
kind¢ of Tobacco, wherein there can be no erro’: Whereas contrariwise vnder
the coulo’ of Spanish Tobacco, it wilbe vnpossible to avoide the stealinge in
of ten times as much, whereof the former Patentees haue had deare experi-
ence, So that if his Ma“* should gaine by that Proposition some thousand of
pound¢ one way, he should rufi hazard of loosinge twice as much by wrong-
inge the great Contract, and this reason is of like force touchinge the benifitt
of the Plantacons w™ together with his Ma“ proffitt must stand and fall growe
and diminish. [35]

JUNE 29, 1692 — 63

They saye that the bringinge in of so great proporton of the best Spanish
Tobacco must abase vtterly the price of the Tobacco of both the Plantations
whereby the disproffitt aswell to his Ma'* as the Companie may proue greater
then the benifitt conceaued by this newe Proposition.

And touchinge the Plantations, it appeareth most manifestly by the experience
of this yeare that the bringinge in of that quantitie of 60000 waight hath kept
downe the Virginia and Suffer Ilands Tobacco at the same rate as formerly:
So that by the admittinge of this Proposition the Plantations should depart
with one Third of their Tobacco without any retribuzon in the price as was at
first proposed.

Lastly the Committees saye that beinge left at liberty accordinge to the former
Propositions if they shall finde hereafter by reason or experience that the
bringinge in some Spanish Tobacco may proue a matter of benifitt to the
Kinge and Companie they shall haue great reason to apply themselues there-
vnto within the lymitt€ prescribed and with better caution then could be
obserued if they should admitt of any Partners.

Howbeit it beinge afterward made euident vnto them and therevpon
much vrged that the bringinge in of Spanish Tobacco for a certaine
time was of that importance as might not be omitted.

Herevpon the Comittee takinge into ||their|| serious consideraéon howe
avayleable it wilbe vnto both the Plantations that his Ma“ proffitt goe
hand in hand with the Companies, and on the other side considering
that if this Contract did not proceed a worse accident might befall,
they applyed their endeauors to the best of their vnderstundinge to
sett downe some meanes so to qualifie the said newe Proposition, as
might be least preiudiciall to the Plantatons: w™ thought fitt to
restraine to these three lymitacons: ffirst that the Couenant for bring-
inge in of Spanish Tobacco be lymitted to two yeares and no longer:
Secondly that the quantitie be reduced to these proporéons, namely
not to exceed 60000 waight nor to be lesse then 40000: Thirdly that
it be with this condiéon that the Spanyarde¢ do not raise the custome
or other burdens vpon it or the present price that nowe it is sold fer
at in Spaine and that the markett€ of Tobacco in Spayne be in all
respect¢ as free as formerly they haue bin; or otherwise the said Cou-
enant for bringinge of Spanish Tobacco ¢e to be void and discharged.

64 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Hee also signified that in reguard this newe Proposition had appear-
ance of damage and danger both to the Companies and Plantations,
they therefore thought fitt to extend the whole Contract but to three
yeares in certaine and afterwards for fower yeares more, yet so as the
Companies to be at liberty to dissolue this Contract vpon a yeares
warninge giuen either at the end of the second yeare or any yeare after.

All w™ Proceeding¢€ of the Cofiittees beinge thus related and read
and the Court duely waighinge them, acknowledged the Comittee had
proceeded herein with as much care wisdome and circumspection as
possibly they could desire and themselues much bound to the hono™”
Lords and others the Cofiiittee for the extraordinary paynes they had
taken in this buissines.

And because it appeared there were nowe some thing€ propounded
w™ the Company neuer heard before as namely the bringinge in of a
certaine quantity of Spanish Tobacco and the yealdinge of a Third
part thereof to the Kinge, they desired time till the next Court to
consider thereof as also of the best meanes of preventinge the stealinge
of any more then the proporéon lymited, if that of necessity must be

yealded vnto. [36]

A PREPARATIVE COURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA
THE 1° Iuuy i622

PRESENT

Right Hono™ Ea of Southampton.
Ea of Dorsett.
Lo Cauendish.
Lo Padgett.
Lo: Haughton.

S' Edwin Sandys. Capt Tucker. m’ Tatam.
S' Sam: Sandys. m’* Caswell. m* Stephens.
8’ [ohn Brooke. m’* Penistone. m’ Swayne.

S* Walter Earle.
S' Hen: Crafts.
m’ Gibbs.

m’ Palmer.

m’ Nicho: ffarrar Dpf.

m’ Iohn ffarrar.
Do’ Anthony.
m’ Wilmer.

mn’ Bromefeild.
m’ Iohn Smith.
m’ Ro: Smith.
Capt: Gifford.
mn’ Berblocke.
m’ W™ Palmer.
m' Swinhowe.
m’ Tomlins.

m’ Widdowes.
m’ Bull.

\tm* Strowd. ||

JULY 1, 1622

m’* Geo: Smith.
m* Copland.

m’ Paulavicine.
m’ Binge.

fee At

m’* Moorer.

m’ Waynwright.

m’ Hackett.
m*‘ Boothby.
m’ Roberte.
m’ Ley.

m* Newport.
m’ Morris.
m’ Whitly.
mn’ ffelgate.
mn’ Wiffin.
m’ Withers.
m* Woodall.
m’ Hart.

m* Baynham.

65

m’ Burr.

m’ Christ: Martin.
m’* Tobias ffelgate.
m' Ewens.

mn’ Clarke.

mn‘ Couell.

m1’ Bennett.

m’ Wiseman.

m‘ Shippard.

m’ Moorewood.

m’ Bland.

m’ Seward.

m* Gookin.

m' Chamberlen.
m’* Webbe.

m1’ Iohnson.

m’ Barkham.

m’* Roberte.

mn’ Stubbs.

m” Beamont.

m’ Viner.

m’ Porter.

with diuers others.

My Lord of Southampton signified vnto the Companie that he held
it fitt aceordinge to their vsuall manner (before they did proceed to a
newe matter) to read that w had bin formerly donne. And because
there had happened a meetinge of the Court on the 19" of Iune
between the last Court and a Court held the fift of the same Moneth,
wherein the buissines nowe in hand was first proposed :

It was therefore agreed that the said middle Court held on the 19" of
Iune wherein other matters were treated of (and not this Contract
intended) should be put of to be read on Wedensday beinge the next
Quarter Court and the rather because in that Court of the 19" of Iune
are many waightie matters w” highly concerned the Company, and
’ most fitt for the knowledge of that great Quarter Court touchinge the
16456—von 2—-06—5

66 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

said Contract w™ two Court€ beinge read together, with the whole
proceedingé of y® Cofiittee touchinge the said Contract to be made
with his Ma‘ by the Companies for Virginia and the Suiier Ilands
for the sole Importaéon of Tobacco: After some pause therevpon S*
Edwin Sandys who had bin desired to make report of the whole pro-
ceeding¢, tooke oceasion to acquaint the Companie that the Comittee
havinge receaued a newe Proposiéon from the Lo: Treasuror for the
bringinge in of 60000 waight of Spanish Tobacco, or otherwise to
permitt 40000 waight to be brought in by some other, they had
opposed it with the eight reasons w™ were read against it, but there
appearinge vnto them a necessity of yealdinge therevnto or other-
wise [37] to breake the bargaine §in hand§ with the Kinge: The
Comittee laboured in this extreamity to qualifie the said Proposition
by restrayninge it to the three lymitatons w™ they had heard likewise
read: And lastly they thought fitt that forasmuch as this newe
Proposiéon had appearance of damage and danger both to the Com-
panies and the Plantaéons they thought meete to lymitt the whole
Contract to three yeares in certaine, and afterward¢ for fower yeares
more, yet so as the Companies §to§ be at liberty to dissolue this Con-
tract vpon a yeares warninge giuen, at the end either of the second
yeare, or any yeare after, w™ lymitaéon though it had not yet bin
imparted to my Lo: Treasuror, yet the party appointed to treat with
them herein, made no great doubt but that it might be graunted.

But touchinge the Patent of Garbellinge, w™ the Coffiittee desired to
be discharged of, The Lo: Treasuror said it was out of his power to
recall what his Ma** had alreadie graunted vnder his great Seale to
certaine priuate gentlemen: w' whome notwithstandinge he made
no question they might compound vpon reasonable condiéons, or
otherwise they had liberty to stand vpon the alledged priuiledge of
their Patent and benifitt of the comon lawe (if they conceaued that
might help them) for his lp: herevpon verie noblie professed he did
vrge this present Contract no further, then as it might well stand
with the future good of §both§ the Plantations.

Whervpon the matter beinge taken into debate by the Companies,
Some conceaued, that as it would be greivous vnto the Aduenturers

JULY 1, 1682 67

so would it be vnto the Planters in Virginia, nor could it well stand
with the safety of the Plantation, if the Planters vpon halfe proffitte
be forced to paye also a third part of their Tobacco to the Kinge: But
it was answeared by reason they were to paye the Kinge in the Specie
of Tobacco and not in money and for all other duties to paye only the
mediti of the Custome (if they might therewithall be discharged of
the matter of Garbellinge) it was verie probable (the buissines beinge
duly managed) they should not be in worse case then they were
before: Wherevpon some moued that the contract with his Ma™
might be condiéonall with proffer of a fourth part forthe present vntill
they might be eased of their Couenant for bringinge in Spanish
Tobacco and also quitt of the said Patent of Garbellinge: And others
moued that a Clause in this Contract might be inserted to free them
from it, but it was answeared that a Precedent Patent could not be
infringed by any after Graunt nor was it held fitt so much as to ques-
tion the pluiledge of their owne Patent w was sufficient against it.

After w™ debate with some other allegatons tendinge to impugne the
said Contract, and the Lordé that were present desired that the buis-
sines might be proceeded within an orderly fashion, and brought one
waye or other to a certaine Conclusion and resoluéon; S8* Edwin
Sandys herevpon moued that for a more orderly proceedinge herein,
the whole buissines might be reduced to certaine heades, and that
each of those heades might be throughly debated of, and the Court to
passe their iudgement seuerally vpon each, and [38] finally in con-
clusion vpon the whole bargaine of the Contract: And he said that
he had obserued in the reasons and Allegacéons, w™ had bin hetherto
made, that some of them did directly impugne the Contract or some
branch thereof, and some other did moue questions onely of certaine
difficulties that seemed to depend vpon the orderinge and managinge
of this buissines, w difficulties seemed not to be of that importance
as to disharten men from it if the Contract it selfe were assented
vnto: And therefore to proceed with the Contract it selfe, he first
acquainted the Companie that this matter of contractinge for the
sole Importation of Tobacco ||had|| moued originally from an offer
made for the same, by the then Gouernor and Deputy of the Com-

68 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

panie for the Sumer Ilands who had bin also Treasuror and Deputy
for this Company as was openly deliuered at the Counsell Bourd in
presence of himselfe and many others of the Companie nowe in Court
Wherevpon it was conceaued by reason of the quality of the persons
the offer had moued from the two Companies; w™ at the same time
was absolutely denied and disavowed by the Members of both Com-
panies then attendinge their tp’. But the first mouer of this Contract
for the sole Importaéon cominge to no higher an offer then of 10000"
Rent by the jeare, It was vndertaken by others, namely 8’ Thomas
Roe and his Associat€ at a much greater rent, who for the raisinge
thereof, besides their Patent of Contract for sole Importaéon procured
also a Proclamation from his Ma“, straightly inhibitinge all others to
bringe in any Tobacco into this Realme without the Patentees license,
w* was the cause of the Companies then attendinge their Ip*. Where-
vpon a graceous Referrence from his Ma“ they obtained liberty not-
withstanding the said Proclamation to bringe in 55000 w* from the
two plantations whereof the Companie for Virginia did bestowe their
whole part vpon the other Companie, 8S‘ Thomas Roes yeare beinge
ended, the same Contract hath bin vndertaken this yeare by m‘ Iacobe,
though not at the same rent who contrariwise hath procured (as he
hath bin informed,) a cofiaundment to the Companie to bringe in all
their Tobacco, w™ it seemed was to the no greater content of the Com-
panies, then the first restrainte from bringinge in any at all without
lycense: These troubles as they all knewe had befalne the Company
by reason of those Contracte for sole Importaéon, and that not longe
after in thankefullnes to his Ma“ for prohibitinge the plantinge of
Tobacco in this Realme (w™ was donne without any suite from the
Companies) The Companie of Virginia had yealded for 5 yeares to
double their custome.

But the Lord Treasuror herevpon obseruinge what greiuous molesta-
éons the Companies haue sustained from time to time in their pro-
ceedings by reason the said Contract was managed by others, did
therefore nowe make offer thereof, to the Companies, that if they so
liked, and should finde it to be for the good of their said Companies
and the Plantations they might nowe contract with his Ma“ for the

JULY 1, 1622 ' 69

sole Importaéon of all Tobacco whatsoeuer: So that it was nowe to
be considered whither they thinke it more fitt for them then any other
to entertaine this Contract with his Ma‘ w™ he said was the first
pointe to be resolued on in this buissines.

After longe pause and much dispute, it was desired at length it might
be put to the question w™ was proposed in this manner. [39]

Whither the Companies of Virginia and Sumer Iands thought fitt to
entertaine this contract with his Ma“ for the sole Importaéon of
Tobacco vpon such condiéons as should be agreed on or suffer the
same to be entertayned againe by some other: Herevnto the Court
generally signified their wilingnes and consent to entertaine the said

Bargaine.

The second question proposed by 8’ Edwin Sandys to be considered
of, was at what rate this Contract should be concluded vpon, there
hauing bin a fourth part of the Tobacco offered to his Ma“* w™ would
not be accepted.

In declaraéon whereof S* Edwin Sandys further signified, that my
lo: Treasurors speach was that seeinge his Ma“ proffitt was to be
raised onely by Sale of Tobacco and not in certainty of money, he was
so to prouide, That the Kinge his M‘ were noe looser by this bargaine:
to prevent w™ hee hauinge duely calculated the medium of Tobacco
that haue bin brought in the last seauen yeares and considered of all
circumstances incident herevnto, he said he could demaund no lesse
then a Third part of the Tobacco for his Ma™.

S’ Edwin Sandys further signified that the Comittee entringe into
consideraéon of this pointe founde by the rat¢€ that the Tobacco is nowe
sold at that they paid alreadie litle lesse then a Third parte, all charge
considered. As for the custome insisted vpon for the Kinge, It was
presumed the price of Tobacco would heareby be so much aduanced
as would giue the Companie a convenient retribuGon.

The Comittee further informed the Companie that my Lo: Treasuror
said that if the Companie shall at any time desire to transporte the

70 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Tobacco w™ they cannot vent here at home into any forraigne parte,
it shalbe free alwayes from Custome.

It was further intimated, that it was intended that the King¢ part of
the Tobacco and the Companies shalbe sold together and not deuided
till the moneys therevpon be raised.

As for the intricacy w™ was supposed would happen in the sale thereof,
in reguard of the different goodnes of the Tobacco (whereby it was
conceaued men would be the more witixge careles in the makinge
and curinge thereof, if once they vnderstand it shalbe sold confusedly
together) Answeare was made it should be sorted and valued accord -
inge to the goodnes: Wherevpon it being agreed to put it to the
question whither the Companies did not thinke it better to contract
for the sole Importaéon and sale of Tobacco and yeald a full third part
thereof to the Kinge ouer and aboue their part€ of auncient custome
rather then breake the bargaine with his Ma** The whole Court did
generally agree to giuea Third. [40]

The third question offered to their consideraéon by S* Edwin Sandys
was touchinge the newe Proposition of bringinge in a quantitie of
Spanish Tobacco, against w™ S' Edwin Sandys signified the eight
reasons lately read were opposed beinge conceaued it would in effect
cleare crosse the two mayne endes proposed to this Contract namely
his Ma” proffitt and the benifitt of the Plantations But his lo” return-
inge answeare that this was a matter of so great importance and con-
sequence as could not be dispenced with, The Comittees herevpon did
endeauo’ to qualifie it with such limitaéons as had bin before recited
from w™ as they had bin also since informed his Ip: did not dissent.

This pointe beinge a longe time debated by the Companie, a question
was moued whither in case the 40000 w* proposed beinge transported
into any other forraigne part¢€ and not into England would be allowed
the Kinge havinge his Third duely paid him.

It was conceaued it must first be imported otherwise it would not sat-
isfie, but yet if then it could not be here vented there was noe doubt,
but they might freely export it to the best Markett¢, Some were also

JULY 1, 1622 71

of opinion that the Kinge would gaine but litle by the bringinge in of
Spanish Tobacco, in reguard so much the more of the Companies
Tobacco must be transported elswhere for want of Sale, At length
at the request of the Companie it was put to the question; namely
whither the Companies did not thinke it best for them to vndergoe
this condiéon of bringinge in yearely 40000 w“ of Spanish Tobacco for
the two next yeares onely with those other qualificaéons, w™ had bin
formerly read rather then to breake the Contract intended with the
Kinge: The Court did generally declare themselues willing to vnder-
take it: Prouided that casualty at Sea be excepted, and those other
condiéons graunted that haue bin alledged.

The next question offered by 8S‘ Edwin Sandys to their consideraéon,
touchinge the addiéon of charges, namely the matter of Garbellinge
and fraight: Touchinge the first it was alledged by some of the Com-
panie, that it appeared the Companies had two string¢ to their Bowe,
namely the benifitt of the cofion Lawe, and the power of the Kings
Letters Patents formerly graunted to them.

It was also informed by other of the Company that this Patent of
Garbelling beinge questioned by the lower howse at the last meetinge
of Parliament was adiudged by all the Lawyers of that howse to be a
greiuance both in the Creation and (if euer it proceeded so farr) much
worse in the execuGon.

Wherevpon it beinge put to the question whither the Companies
thought it not fitt to proceed in this Contract and leaue the matter of
Garbelling in the State it is rather then otherwise to desist: The
Court generally agreed to leaue it so, and to insist vpon the validity
of their owne Patent and the benifitt of the coffion lawe if need
be. [41]

The last question where it was alledged by 8S’ Edwin Sandys that the
Lo Treasuror consented that the Kinge should beare his Third parte
of all other charges after the arriuall of the Tobacco here, at w™ time
his interest vnto that Third did begin, but not to looke backe to any
charges preceedent.

72 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

This pointe beinge throughly debated and with much opposiéon, The
Companie at length desired it might be put to the question: w™ was
proposed after this manner: Whither they thought it not better to
paye the whole fraight of the Tobacco, That is to Saye, aswell for the
Kings Third part as their owne, rather then to breake the bargaine
with his Ma: the Company by plurality of voices consented to paye
the whole fraight.

S' Edwin Sandys likewise moued that for auoydinge difference or
questions that might arise on the King¢ part about the appointinge of
Officers and allowances for their Salaries and for other charges about
this buissines, that it might be added to the rest of the Articles, that
the Companie may haue power to choose their said Officers, and that
their Salaries and all other charges be rated and sett downe by them
in their generall Court¢€ and that vpon their Account the entire charges
be defalked and allowed.

These buissinesses beinge thus ordered the last thinge taken into con-
sideraGon was the reducinge of the whole Contract by writinge into
Articles to be presented to the Lord Treasuror the next daye, w™
Articles beinge assented vnto by his Ip: are to be offered to the iudge-
ment of the Quarter Court held on Wedensday next to be finally con-
eluded and confirmed.

Wherevpon the Court entreated S' Edwin Sandys to take the paines
to drawe vp the said Articles, and beinge perfected the Court humbly
entreated the Ea: of Southampton together with 8" Edwin Sandys to
repaire to the Lord Treasuror some time to morrowe about the
premisses.

A moéon was made for diuers Patent€ to be made readie against the
Quarter Court, for w™ order was giuen for the drawinge of them:
And further ordered that the Patent€ and some other buissinesses
should be read and ordered by the morning¢ Court that daye. [42]

JULY 3, 1698

AT A QuarTEeR CourT FoR VIRGINIA
HELD ON WEDENSDAY IN THE FORENOONE
THE THIRD oF IuLy i622

PRESENT

S' Edwin Sandys. m’* Gibbs.

mm’ Jo: ffarrar. m’ Binge.

m'’ Noch: ffarrar. m’ Gookin.

m'‘ Roberts. | '. m* Meuerell.

m* Wrote. m' Mellinge.

m’* Smith. with diuers others.
m’* Caswell.

The Court gaue order that a Receipt should be sealed for 47" 16° w”
the gentlemen and marriners had given to the East India Companie
to be imployed in layinge the foundaéon of a Church in Virginia.

The Court thought fitt to make Capt: Martin Prin (the Captaine of
the Royall Iames) a freeman of the Companie and to giue him two
shares of land in reguard of the large contribuéon w™ the gentlemen
and Marriners of that Shippe had giuen toward¢ good worke in Vir-
ginia whereof he was an especiall furtherer.

The Court thought fitt likewise to make m‘’ Thomas Kerridge, (the
Comiaunder of the East India ffleet that last came home) a freeman
and to giue him two shares of land in the same reguard.

The Court vnderstandinge that m’ Robert Carles beinge a man that
had liued Twenty yeares in the West Indies and 16: yeares in the

74 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

East Indies beinge likewise verie skillfull in orderinge curinge and
plantinge of Rice Cotten-woole Sugar-Canes, Indico, Cassado, Roote,
&c, of some whereof he had written a Treatise and beside was in part
determined to goe himselfe to Virginia: It was thought fitt to bestowe
on him one share of land, old Aduenture and to make him a ffreeman.

The Court thought fitt also to make m* Swayne (M’ of the Hart that
last came ||homel] from the East Indies) a freeman and to giue him
one share of land.

The Court thought fitt likewise to make m’ Sam: Seaward (of Oxford
Bachelo’ of Diuinity) a ffreeman, he in the rehersall sermon havinge
manifested a great zeale to the Plantation.

The Court likewise thought fitt to make m* Launce a ffreeman vnder-
standing that he was a continuall remembrancer of the Plantation in
his Prayers. [43]

The Court thought fitt to bestowe a freedome * pon m* Pemberton a
Minister of God€ word, intendinge forthwith tc! goe to Virginia and
there to imploye himselfe for the convertinge of the Infidell¢.

M”™ Mary Tue Daughter of Hugh Crouch beinge the heire and Execu-
trix of Leiutenant ||Richard|| Crouch did sett and assigne ouer in this
Court i50 Acres of land, w™ he said Leiutenant Crouch did bequeath
vnto her by the name of Mary Younge his Sister, w™ land was for
three Servant€ psonall Aduentures, and lyes at Newports Newes. the
said land Shee assigned ouer to m’ Daniell Gookin.

The said Mary Tue likewise assigned 100: acres of land w™ lies in
Diggs his Hundred to Samuell Jordan of Charles Hundred gentleman.

There was read a Grant of 18 Shares of land of old Aduenture to Capt
Dan: Tucker, for three whereof he paid in ready money §after§ 12"
10° the other fifteen were giuen him for his good seruice by an order
of a Quarter Court.

JULY 8, 1622 75

These Patents followinge were read and compared and found
to be right and therefore recomended them to the Afternoones
Court for confirmaéon.

The Lady Berkley

m’ Tho: Addison

m’ Edw: Iohnson a

m’ Edw: Palmer uenturens
m' W™ ffelgate

m’‘ Fran: Pecke &°

m’ Iohn Harvy

m’ Iohn Pemberton

m’ W™ Rowsly Planters
m’ Dan: Gookin

m’ Chris: Hillary

The Court thought fitt to giue the Companies Seale to m‘ Clarke for
the two shares bestowed vpon him but not a Patent except he will
couenant to carry some persons.

The Lo: Cauendish m* Caswell

m’* Gibbs . . m' Smith &

m’ Wrote _ The two Deputies
are earnestly desired by the Court to treat with the Citty about the
Children that are to be sent this yeare to Virginia and to make the
best bargaine for them they can. [44]

The Court haue likewise thought fitt that m* Pountice formerty ap-
pointed Vice admirall in Virginia haue 6 of the said Children sent
him this yeare to be placed vpon the Landes belonginge to his said
office and 6: the next yeare.

The placeinge and entertainement of m‘ Copland in Virginia being
referred by the former Court to the consideraéon of a Cofiittee they
hauinge accordingly aduised about it did nowe make report of what
they had donne therein as followeth (vizt) .

76 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

1 ffirst they thought fitt that he be made Recto’ of the intended Col-
ledge in Virginia for the conversion of the Infidell€ and to haue the
pastorall charge of the Colledge Tenante¢ about him.

2 In reguard of his Rectorshippe to haue the Tenth part of the
proffitte due to the Colledge out of their land¢ and arisinge from the
labors of their Tenante.

3 In reguard of his pastorall charge to haue a personage there erected,
according to their generall order for parsonages.

And for that it was nowe further moued that he might be admitted of
the Counsell there, it was referred to. the former Coiittee to consider
thereof and of some other thing€ propounded for his better accoffio-
daéon there.

Vpon moéon that the Vieginia Companie would please to make the
Right Hono” the Lo: Marquesse Hamilton free of this Companie
and of the Counsell in reguard of his Noble affeeéon to this Planta-
éon; The Court most gladly assented therevnto.

Vpon the like moéon in the behalfe of 8" Edward Barkham the Lo:
Mayo’ of this Cittie and m‘ Henage ffinch Recorder, in reguard of
their well wishinge to this Plantaton and readines to doe the Com-
panie seruice this Court haue made them free |\and|| of the Counsell.

The like fauo’ in reguard of their worthines the Court hath af-
foorded to these followinge. vizt

S* Edw: Conway.

S' Tho: Couentry his Ma® Atturny Generall.

S* Hen: Mildmay m* of the lewell howse.

Do’ Io: Dui Deane of Paules.

The Court haue agreed to recofiend m‘ Hopkins Minister vnto the
Gouerno’ of Virginia in respect of that good comendaéon that m’
Edw: Allen hath ginen of him beinge desirous to goe axé |louer|| at
his owne charge.

JULY 8, 1622 | «emit, Va

Two Bill¢ of Aduenture vnder the Companies Seale were presented
to the Court, w“ were not acknowledged in the Printed Booke, the
one of m‘ Robert Strutt for 50" the other of Iohn Strutt for 25"
both their names beinge lefte out of the said Booke. [45]

The like omission is found of m' John Iolles whose Aduenture was
a5".

ffrancis Carter passed ouer 16 shares of land in Virginia to m' Edward
Palmer of the Middle Temple London esquire with allowance of the
Auditors and Approbaéon of this Court: the said Shares beinge par-
cell of the later 40 Shares assigned vnto him from the Right Hono™
the Lady D’Lawarre.

Hee passed also one share of land more of the said pareell of Shares
vnto m‘ Edw: Butler gent.

AT A QUARTER CoURT HELD FOR
VIRGINIA ON WEDENSDAY IN THE
AFTERNOONE THE 3° IvLy 1622

PRESENT

the Right Honorable Ke-efDeten
Ka: of Southampton.
||Ea: of Deuvonshire.||
Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Padgett.
Lo: Maynard.

S" Edw: Sackuill. _ m” Palmer.

S' Tho: Iermyn _ mm Caswell.
S' Edwin Sandis. m’ Ditchfeild.

S' Sam Sandis. m' Bromefeild.
S' Phil: Carey. Capt: Iefford.

78

S' Io: Brooke.
S' Io: Dauers.

m’ Moorer.
m’‘ Nicholle.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m' Bayham.
m’* Geo: Smith.

S’ Ro: Killigrewe. m’ Iefferies. m’ Bolton.

S' Walter Earle. m' Seaward. m’* Roberté.
S' Tho: Weineman. m* Boothby. m’* Wiseman.
m’ Nich: ffarrar Dpt. m‘ Cranmer. m’ ffelgate.
m’ Gibbs. m* Swinhowe. m‘ Essington.
m* Edw: Iohnson. mw’ Mellinge. m* Bagwell.
\|m” Wilmer. || m’* Meuerell. m’ Iacobson.
\|m* Brooke. || m’ Kirby. m* Leuer.

m’ Karle. m’ Winch. m* Harrison.
m’ Tomlins. m’ Bennett. m’‘ Mole.

m’ Wrote. m’ Collett. m* Couell.

m’ Io: Smith. m’ Berblocke. mn’ Stephens.
m’ Ro: Smith. m* Withers. mn’ Scott.

m’ Io: ffarrar. m’ Hart. m‘ Ruggles.
m’ Dike. m'’ Stephens. with diuers others.
m’ Bond. m’ Waterhowse.

m’ Binge. m’ Barkham.

||aa"Peahwer. || m’ Wainewright.

m’ Hackett:

m’ Butler.

m’ Penistone.

After the readinge of the Quarter Court in May last there was read
the Court of the 19" of Iune followinge beimge—put—of+Hl this Court
te—be—vead; wherein amonge other thingé of note were read diuers
peticons that had bin preferred to his Ma“ against the Virginia
Companie, as namely that of Capt: Martin wherein he complayned
that the Virginia Company denyed him the fruiGon of those priui-
ledges they had graunted vnto him in his Patent: Vnto w™ complaint
[46] the Companie had formerly made their Answeare by writing:
The second petiéon was by Capt: Martin and Capt: Hazell together,
who intituled his Ma” to a large parte of Virginia contayninge 80
miles in circuite sett out by S' Thomas Dale as the Kings fforrest

JULY 8, AOR Sree 79

wherevnto the Company had also giuen their Answeare to 8" Christo:
Perkins (vnto whome his Ma‘ had referred these petizons) as like-
wise had answeared two other petiéons in the name of one Dixon
and W™ Kempe: Also another Petiton was exhibited by Captaine
Baylie in the name of Captaine Somers wherein he had entituled the
Kinge to the Sumer Ilands and to 12000" of Ambergreece wherevnto
they had likewise made their Answeare, as may appeare by the said
Court.

After this vpon occasion of a petiton exhibited to the said Court by
Elizabeth Smalley Widdowe for deliuery of a fower oxen shee pre-
tend€ vnto, in Virginia, There was related the proceedinge of the
said Widdowe Smalley against Captaine Argall and the cause of her
Retractaéon of what shee had formerly complained of to the Kinge
in her petiéon against him, confessinge freely that the said Capt
Argall caused that Retractaéon to be made at the Do™ Commons
refusinge to sett ouer her Husbands Executorshippe vnto her vntill
Shee had first sett her hand and Seale to that writinge: The matter
whereof (shee said) Shee did not well vnderstand; Contrariwise shee
iustified her former complaint made to the Kinge against Captaine
Argall, protestinge shee was by noe other meanes moued therevnto
but by the wrong¢ he had donn her and that the petiéon was drawne
by a freind of hers at her request dwellinge in Tower streete.

Herevpon 8’ Edwin Sandys tooke occasion to declare howe vnworth-
ily Captaine Argall had conceaued a suspiéon against him as well
touching the said Widdowe Smalley (as if he had incited her to this
complaint against him,) as also touchinge some former proceeding€
held against the said Capt: Argall for depredaéon of the Colony in
the time of his beinge Deputy Gouerno’. Whereas S* Edwin Sandys
declared that at the time of his cominge to be Treasuror he founde
the same complainte made against Captaine Argall by S' Tho: Smith
and Alderman Iohnson then Treasuror and Deputy as may appeare by
their Letters sent to the Lord De: Lawarr and Captaine Argall him-
selfe charging him perticularly with these thing¢ w™ Letters were
read and entred in the said Court, whereby 8S’ Edwin Sandys said

80 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

when he came to be Treasurer he was ||tyed|| both by the Duty of his
place and +pex ||/b¥ vpon|| his oath to bringe those matters to some
heade wherewith Captaine Argall stood ||stil|| charged: In w™ pro-
ceeding¢ he said he had donn nothinge but by the Counsell€ direcéon
and aduise.

Hee further also signified that true it was that one thinge fell out in
his yeare of beinge Treasuror namely the sendinge out of Captaine
Argalls Shippe both victualled and manned from the Colony into the
West Indies whereof complaint beinge made from the Gouerno’ and
Counsell in Virginia as of an Act that might worke their vtter [47]
extirpacon, he could no lesse then giue notice thereof accordinge to
his oath to the Lords of his Ma‘ Priuy Counsell, wherein he did
nothinge otherwise then by the direcéon of the Gouerno’ and Counsell
and with as much moderaéon as the cause could possibly beare.

After w™ declaraéon it was generally pressed by the Company that
the Comittees appointed to call Capt: Argall to Account for the great
losses w*" both the Companie and Colony had sustained (seeinge they
had as yet donn nothinge therein,) they would nowe proceed in that
buissines with all expidigon and dilligence that vpon their report
some further course may be taken therein at the next Quarter Court.
After this narraéon two other Court€ were read the one of the fift of
Tune, the other of the first of Iuly followinge beinge the Preeparatiue
Court, both w™ contained a full declaraéon of the proceedinge of the
Comittees chosen out of the Virginia and the Sufier ands Company
touchinge the Contract to be made with his Ma™ by the said Com-
panies for the sole Importaéon of Tobacco nowe offered vnto them by
the Lord High Treasuror of England, concerninge w™ the said
Committees havinge consulted longe abourt it, after mature deliberagon
had therevpon, offered vnto the consideraéon of the Lord Treasuror
certaine Propositions w™ are entred verbatim in the said Court In
Answeare wherevnto his lp: deliuered three exceptions vnto w™ the
Comittees had also made replie with an addiéon of certaine Clauses
agreed vnto to be inserted in the Contract, havinge bin omitted in the
first Propositions: After this a newe Proposition came from his Ip:

=

JULY 8, 1622 ~=— 81

concerninge the bringinge in of §60000: wt of§ Spanish Tobacco or
otherwise to pmitt 40000 waight to be brought in by some other: W®
Proposiéon for somuch as it seemed to repugne the mayne endes of
their first intenéon they opposed it with eight reasons: Howbeit it
beinge afterward made knowne vnto the said Comiittees that the bring-
inge in of Spanish Tobacco for a certaine time, was of that importance
as might not be omitted The Comittee therevpon applied their
endeauo™ to the best of their vnderstandingé to sett downe some
meanes of qualificaGon of the said newe Proposition so as it might be
least preiudiciall to the Plantations: Wherevpon they thought fitt to
restraine it to three lymitaéons namely that the Couenant of bring-
inge in Spanish Tobacco might be lymited to two yeares and no longer,
Secondly that they would be bounde to bringe in no more then 40000"
of Spanish Tobacco:

Thirdly that it be with this Prouiso that the Spanyards raise not the
prices nor the custome, nor laye other burdens vpon it, and that the
markett¢ in Spayne be open and free as formerly they haue bin.

And in reguard of the appearance of Damadge and danger that might
ensue to the Plantations by this newe Proposition the Comiittees thought
fitt likewise, that the whole Contract should be extended, but to three
yeares in certaine, and afterward for fower yeares more, Yet so, as the
Companies to be at liberty to dissolue the Contract vpon a yeares
warninge giuen at the end of the second yeare or any yeare after, All
w proceedings are at large related in the said Court of the 29 of
Tune last. [48]

It was also signified that this buissines was againe propounded and
debated in the Preeparatiue Court, and after all reasons fully heard
and discussed each of the former Propositions was againe seuerally
put to the question and by a generall consent of that Court approued
as may appeare; At w™ time the Court entreated S‘ Edwin Sandys to
reduce the whole Contract by writinge into Articles and to offer the
same to my Lo: Treasuror, w™ beinge assented vnto might afterward
be referred to the iudgement of this great and general] Quarter Court
to be finally concluded and confirmed.

16456-——vor 2—06——6

82 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Herevpon 8S’ Edwin Sandys tooke occasion to signifie that aeccordinge
to the request of the former Court, he had drawne vp the said Articles,
and after he had donne, not trustinge to his owne iudgement therein
had imparted them to the Deputies of both the Companies, whoe
approvinge thereof, he after deliuered them to the Lord Treasuror
who havinge pervsed them tooke fower exceptions against them, the
first was to these words of the fourth Article namely against the offer
of a Third part of the Tobacco imported and vented whereas his lp:
required a Third of all the Tobacco, ||brought out of Virginia|| And
said further that his Ma” right and propriety to a Third did growe
vpon the first arriuall of the Tobacco here the second exception
was vnto the shortnes of the time lymited ||for the bringing in of
Spanish Tobacco|| beinge but for two yeares onely w™ his Ip: thought
too litle and therefore desired it might be enlarged to three yeares at
least The Third exception was to the restrayninge of the Contract
from seauen yeares to three yeares in certaine: The 4" exception
was against the medium of the Custome of Ireland w™ could not be
graunted because the medium thereof was not as yet certainely
knowne: Lastly his Ip: aduised the Companie not to stand vpon their
priuiledge against the Patent of Garbellinge, but to compound with
the Patentees whome his lp: presumed they should finde verie rea-
sonable.

But 8’ Edwin Sandys signified that the Lord Treasuror had since sent
amore fauourable Answeare vnto the Companie touching the same
exceptions, for being informed that the Tobacco in Virginia had three
seuerall proprietors, as first the Tobacco belonginge to the Companie,
Secondly the Tobacco belonginge to perticular Societies and Planta-
Gons, Thirdly the Tobacco belonginge to priuate men, (acquired either
by purchase or by their psonall Aduenture) the Companie ouer the
two later sort€ had no power to prohibite or authority to comand them
to bringe their Tobacco hither, but were free and at liberty by their
lawes and graunte€ to carry their Coffiodities to what markett¢€ they
please. Wherevpon S' Edwin Sandys said that the Lord Treasuror
desisted from this first Proposition, and did nowe require no more
Tobacco to be brought in, then the Companies shall] thinke fitt: but

JULY 8, 1622 83

of that w™ shalbe brought in he required a Third for the Kinge, and
further desired that the worde Vented might be lefte out of that
clause: Secondly whereas his lp: desired the two yeares of bringinge
in Spanish Tobacco might be enlarged to three yeares: His lp: was
contented, it should passe for two yeares onely if the Company stooke
much at it; But desired that a Comittee might be appointed [49] to
consider what sort€ of Spanish Tobacco should be brought in: Thirdly
whereas it was desired the Contract might continue for seauen yeares
in certen, his lp: was pleased to put it to the Companies choise, either
to hold this farme for seauen yeares or otherwise that it might be free
aswell for his Ma“ as for the Companie to dissolue the bargaine at
the three yeares end:

Touchinge the fourth exception against the medium of the Irish Cus-
tome, it was conceaued, the reason formerly alledged would giue the
Companie satisfacéon.

After this the Court entred into a serious consideraéon and examina-
éon of the premisses and havinge duely pondered all the reasons and
circumstances that were both nowe and formerly deliuered and fully
debated vpon, did at length desire that they might seuerally be put to
the question w™ accordingly was donn after this manner vizt.

ffirst whither the Companie did thinke fitt to yeald to the Lord Treas-
urors Proposition by grauntinge a Third part of all the Tobacco they
should thinke fitt to bringe in and to leaue out the word vented The
Court generally agreed to yeald a Third and ||to|| leaue out the word
vented as the Lord Treasuror desired.

Secondly it beinge put to the question whither the Companie would
enlarge the two yeares to Three for bringinge in of Spanish Tobacco
according to the Lord Treasurors Proposition, The Court by no
meanes would yeald therevnto, but generally insisted vpon 2 yeares
and no longer.

Thirdly it was put to the question whither the Companie would ap-
point a Comittee to consider what sort€ of Spanish Tobacco should
be imported accordinge to the Lo: Treasurors desire; the Court
generally agreed therevnto.

cL

84 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

ffourthly whereas the bringinge in of Spanish Tobacco is vpon con-
diéon that the Spanyards enhaunce not the price thereof vpon the
Grant of the Contract (knowinge the certaine quantitie that must be
brought in by the Companies) , My Lord Treasuror desired it might be
so farr explained and intended that the Spanyards do not herevpon
purposely and by practise endeauo™ to enhaunce the price of their
Tobacco, w™ explanaéon the Court agreed should be made of the
wordes touchinge that Clause.

ffiftly it was put to the question whither t’ “campanie would be tyed

in this Contract for seauen yeares |lor o e yeares|| in certen,
and then his Ma‘ aswell as themselues jat liberty to dissolue
the Contract: This point was much dis] {(vpon|| some desiringe
it might hold but 3 yeares in hope of al ?r bargaine at the three

yeares end & the rather because the tim _ he 6 a pound imposiéon
vpon their Tobacco, would then be exp’ /but others feared a much
harder bargaine might then be put vy Ahem: Whervpon after all
reasons were discussed, beinge put to question, it was by plurality
of voices agreed, that the Contract sh f hold for seauen yeares. [50]

Sixtly it beinge put to the question whither the clause for the medium
of the Irish Custome should be strooke out seinge it could not but be
estimated what it might come vnto beinge a Custome newly estab-
lished The Court did generally agree to haue it strooke out.

Seauenthly touchinge the Patent of garbellinge, the Court haue
agreed it shall not be so much as named in this Contract but they
would stand to the Tryall of lawe for their right.

Hightly whereas in the fourth Article instead of the word vented they
had put in Landed but did not knowe as yet whither my Lord Treas-
uror would assent therevnto (but the Comittee hoped and promised
they would do their best to perswade his lp: to admitt it) It was put
to the question whither in case the Lord Treasuror should not allowe
thereof the Companie did thinke it fitt to breake this intended bar-
gaine with the Kinge, Herevpon the Court resolued generally that the
putting out of that word Landed should not breake the bargaine with
his Ma“.

JULY 8, 1698 85

All exceptions beinge thus cleared the Propositions were againe read
all ouer, and the alteraéons also that had bin made therevpon w™
beinge donne, the Ea: of Southampton praid the Companie duely to
consider of them and not to spare in so waightie a buissines as this
was that so nearely concerned them all to giue their best aduise and
Counsell therein, it beinge free for any man to speake his minde
with it or against it as his owne hart or reason should perswade him.

After a longe pause for somuch as it appeared no more could be said
then had bin formerly deliuered, My Lo: at length at the request
of the Court put the Propositions to the question, whither they did
agree and fully consent that this Contract should goe forward to be
made with the Kinge for the sole importaéon of Tobacco vpon such
condiéons as had bin formerly proposed; The whole Court with one
vnanimous consent signified their approbaéon of it, ratifyinge and
confirminge the said Bargaine, by a generall erecéon of hand€ with-
out contradicéon saue onely one hand held vp against it.

69 Proposicons agreed §on§ by the Treasuror and Company for Virginia
in a greate and generall Quarter Courte held on Wedensday 3° luly
1622 touching a Contract to be made with his Ma“* for the sole importa-
ton of Tobacco: Which Proposiéons they desire may be ratified by the
Right Hono’: the Lord High Treasuror of England.’

1. That the sole importaton of Tobacco into the Realmes of England and Ire-
land be graunted by his Ma“ Eres Patent€ vnder his greate seale to the Com-
panyes for Virginia & the Sumer Iland¢.

2. That his Ma“° by ProclamaZon inhibite all others During the tyme of this
Contract vnder payne of confiscaGon of their Tobacco and his Ma“ high
Displeasure.

8. That likewise the planting of Tobacco in England and Ireland be forbidden
by the same Proclamaéon during this contract vnder a grievous penalty, And
that the Tobacco that shalbe found to be planted in England this yeare may
by vertue of the former Proclaman be confiscated.

1This document is bound into the manuscript volume and is written on two and one-half pages of
paper eleven and one-half inches long and seven inches wide. The writing is that of the body of the
text. The paper is endorsed on the back as though having been filed away, and may be the original
draft of the Proposition.

[M*™ the Proposi-
tions agreed on
concerning y* Con-
tract should be
here entred. |j

70

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

4. In consideracon whereof, as also for that the Companyes shalbe discharged
from all other payment¢ for Tobacco to his Ma” (excepting onely the ancient
custome sett downe in the printed booke of Rates of vj‘ p " for Roll Tobacco &
4° for Leafe) the Companies shall pay to his Ma” the cleere proceed of a full
third parte of all the Tobacco that shalbe yearely ymported and Landed by them
in either of these Two Realmes During the sayd Contract. Prouided allwayes
that the sayd Companyes shall not be constrayned to importe any more Tobacco
of y° growth of the two Plantacons into eyther of these Realmes then them-
selues shall thinke fitt.

5. And touching the sayd Custome, that his Tp be pleased to cause it to be
reduced to amedium for these seauen yeares Last past ending at Michas 1621:
And for as much as the Medium of the quantity of Tobacco brought into this
Realme of England those 7 Last yeares, hath bin allready Deliuered to amount
to 1420854 It is further desired, that by a new examinagon, it may be more
perticulerly sett downe, how much thereof was Roll Tobacco and how much
was Leafe because of the different Customes: And that the whole may be
reduced into a certen sofie of money, of w™ some one third to be payd by the
King and Two thirds by the Company€, and the Customers to make noe fur-
ther demaund for any Tobacco, either imported or exported by the sayd Com-
panies during the tyme of this Contract.

6. The Companyes be content, that his Ma” be Disburdened, from all paymente
for the fraight of Tobacco imported from the Two Plantaéons or from any
other forraigne part¢€ into either of these his Realmes: But Desire, that after
the first ariuall of the sayd Tobacco from either of the sayd Plantaéons or
other forraigne Dominions, his Ma“* be pleased to beare one Third parte of all
charg¢ whatsoeuer incident to the sayd Tobacco, aswell for the Landing, cary-
ing and howsing thereof, as also for the keeping, tending, curing and sorting
of the same; And likewise for the transporting it, whither by sea, fresh
water or Land into diuers part€ of either of these his Ma‘ Realmes, there
to be sold and distributed: Also that his Ma” beare a full third parte of all
Salaryes Due to Officers, ffactors and Agent¢ and to all other Ministers and
Servant¢ to be ymployed in any sorte win eyther of these Realmes about the
sayd Tobacco or other busines whatsoeuer incident to this Contract: W% sala-
ries to be appoynted and sett down by the said Companyes in theyr general]
Court€, where and by whome likewise, the sayd Officers, Agente, ffactors,
Ministers and Servant¢ shalbe chosen: And likewise that his Ma” beare one
Third part of all cost€ and chargé in suit€ of Lawe for any matter or busines
concerning the sayd Tobacco, or for recouery of any Debt€ from thence arising
and finally for all other charg€ whatsoeuer necessary or convenient for the
well ordering of the sayd Tobacco and for making the best profitt to the vse of
his Ma“* & the Companyes aforesayd.

ral

72

JULY 8, 1622 a 87

%. That the Tobacco to be brought in, be consigned all into one hand (vizt) of
such Officers as the sayd Companyes shall appoynt; And that the sayd Com-
panyes haue the sole managing of the sayd sale of Tobacco, yeilding vnto his
Ma“ a true & perfect Accompt thereof, and paying the cleare profitt w™ shall
growe Due vnto his Ma“* & come vnto theyr hand¢ vnto such as the Lo: Treas-
uror shall appoynte to receaue the same; In w™ account all the sayd charg¢ to
be allowed and defalked as aforesayd.

8. The Companies wilbe contented to be restrayned from the bringing in,
of any Spanish Tobacco aboue the quantity of 60000 waight a year and to be
tyed likewise by couenant for the bringing in of 40000 waight of the sayd
Spanish Tobacco for euery of the first two yeares only of this Contract and
noe longer; Vpon conditon notw“standing, that the King or State of Spayne
Doe not rayse the Custome for Tobacco or other burdens imposed vpon it,
aboue the Rates they are now at, or impose any new charge and vpon condi-
ton also, that the price of Tobacco at w™ it is now sold in Spayne be not
enhaunced, and that the market¢ of Tobacco in Spayne be in all respect¢ as
free as formerly they haue bin; or otherwise the sayd Couenant for bringing
in of Spanish Tobacco to be voyd and discharged: Prouided also, that if any
of the sayd quantity of Spanish Tobacco Doe in any wise miscarry by any cas-
ualties at Sea, that in that case the sayd Companyes shall not be bound to
restore the proporéon so lost by a#y any new pvision.

9. They Desire, that there may be a rate sett aswell in his Ma“ sayd Tres Pat-
ent¢€, as in his sayd Proclamacon of the price or prices of Tobacco, aswell for
the merchant, as for the Retaylor and vnder a grievous penalty; w™ prices
neuertheles to be sett downe by the sayd Companyes vpon full Debate of all
reasons there to incident.

10. They likewise Desire, that there may be inserted in the contract a graunte
or covenant from his Ma” agaynst the graunting of Licenc€ to Retaylo™ of
Tobacco: So that the sale thereof may remayne free as hitherto it hath Done.

11. That his tp be pleased to take a stricte course for the jlventing of all
vndue bringing in of Tobacco by other meanes.

12. That his tp be likewise pleased for the fisent to take order for the pre-
venting of the bringing in, of any Spanish Tobacco more then the Allowance
allready sett Downe for this yeare.

18. That all confiscatons & other penaltyes vpon this Contract be Deuided into
Three part¢, the one part€ to his Ma“ vse, the other to the Companyes, the
third to the Informers.

Gea

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

14. That if any confiscaton of Tobacco shall happen betweene this & Michael-
mas next the same may be for the vses aforesayd, w if it cannot be graunted,
that yet at leastwise the Tobacco soe confiscated may be sent out of the
Realme to be sold elsewhere, and not to cloy these kingdomes therew”, w™
would tend aswell to the Dammage of his Ma“*, as of the Companies.

15. That his tp be pleased at the begining of the tyme to be limited by this
Contract to giue order for a Survey to be taken of all the Tobacco and the
seuerall growths thereof, then remayning in these his Ma* Kingdomes, w™
such prouision as may be most propper to discouer any vndue bringing in, of
any Tobacco from that day forward.

16. That this Contract begin at Michas 1622 and continue for the space of 7
yeares then next ensuing.

17. That his Ma“ graunte may be Drawne & construed in most beneficiall man-
ner for the Companyes behooofe and for the advancement of the sayd Planta-
cons (his Ma profit as aforesayd reserued).

Proposigons agreed on in a
Quarter Courte held for
Virginia the 3° of Iuly
1622 touching a Contract
to be made with his Ma"*
for the sole importaéon of
Tobacco.’

These thing¢ ordered by the morning€ Court were nowe againe read
and confirmed as namely the Receipt ordered to be Sealed for 47" 16°
w™ the Gentlemen and Marriners of the Hart hath giuen to the East
India Companie to be imployed in layinge the foundaéon of a Church:
It being signified that those of the Rubucke also had giuen a Sume of
money in that kinde.

These followinge were likewise ||then|| made free of this Companie
Capt: Martin Prinn Captaine of the Royall Iames who had likewise
two shares of land confirmed vnto him.

1 This endorsement is on the back of the fourth page of the inserted paper.

JULY 3, 1692 89

M* Thomas Kirridge Comaunder of the East India ffleet that came
last home who had also two shares of land giuen him. [51]

3 m* Robert Carles who had liued 20 yeares in the West Indies and
i6 yeares in the East Indies beinge but newly arrived out of his good
affecton to the Plantation havinge in writinge sett downe the order-
inge curinge and plantinge of Rice, Cotten Woole, Indico, Sugar
Canes C’ was made a ffreman and had one share of land confirmed
vnto him.

M’ Swann M’ of the Hart, was likewise made a ffreeman and had one
Share of land giuen him.
M"* Browne M’ of the Robucke had the like fauo' donn him.

There were then also made free these persons followinge vizt
M’ Samuell Seaward of Oxford Bachelo' of Diuinity.

M’ Launce Minister.

M’ Pemberton Minister (who intend¢ to goe to Virginia) .

There were also made free and of the Counsell

The Lo: Marquesse Hamilton.

S* Edw: Barkham knight Lo: Mayo’ of the Citty.

m’ Heneag ffinch Recorder.

Do’ Dui Deane of Paules

S Edward Conway knight one of his maiesties most Hono” Priuy
Counsell.

S* Hen: Mildmay Knight M’ of the Iewell howse.

St Thomas Couentrie Knight his Ma* Atturny generall.

M™ Mary Tues assignement of 150 acres personall Shares (bequeathed
vnto her by Leiutenant Crouch) lyinge at Newports Newes w™ Shee
nowe passed ouer vnto m* Daniell Gookin was confirmed.

Also 100 acres lyinge in Diggs Hundred w™ Shee passed ouer to Sam:
Iordan was confirmed.

The Shares likewise passed in the morning Court were nowe againe
read and confirmed.

Am.

90 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

||The|| Patente also w™ were then read and compared, were nowe put
to the question and confirmed (vizt:)

Patente to
The Lady Berkely
m’ Tho: Addison
m’ Ed: Iohnson All w™ both Aduenturers
m* Ed: Palmer and Planters haue vnder-
m’ W” ffelgate taken with their Asso-
m’ ffr: Peake ciat€ to transport great
m* Io: Haruy multitude of people to
m’ W™ Pemberton Virginia.

m’ W™ Rously
m’ Dan: Peeker Gookin
m’ Hillary . | [52]

The Graunt of 18 shares to Captaine Daniell Tucker (whereof three
be paide in readie money after 12" 10° p share, and the other 15 being
giuen him for his good seruice) was nowe confirmed.

Also a graunt of two shares of land vnto m* John Clarke formerly
giuen him and ordered to be confirmed to him vnder the Companies
Seale were nowe accordingly ratified.

The Lo: Cauendish.
m* Gibbs.

m’ Wrote.

m’ Caswell.

m’ Smith &

The two Deputies.

Are earnestly entreated by the Court to haue conference with the Lord
Mayo’ and Aldermen of the Citty about the Children that are to be
sent to the two Plantations and are to conclude and make the best
bargaine they can for the Companie concerning them.

nia

JULY 8, 1622 91

It is likewise ordered that six of the said younge men shalbe sent to m’
Pountice this yeare to be placed vpon the land belonging to his office
as Viceadmirall and others ||six|| the next yeare.

The Comittee appointed for the Colledge for this present yeare ar these
ensuinge (vizt)

S' Edwin Sandys.

S* Iohn Dauers.

m’ Gibbs.

m’ Io: ffarrar.

m’ Ro: Smith.

m* Wrote.

m’* Barbo’.

The report of the Comittee touchinge m’ Coplandé placinge and enter-
tainement in Virginia was nowe read, they hauinge thought fitt he be
made Recto’ of the intended Colledge there for the conuersion of the
Infidell€ and to haue the Pastorall charge of the Colledge Tenante
about him and in reguard of his Rectorshippe to haue the Tenth part
of the proffitt¢ due to the Colledge out of their land¢ and arising from
the labo’ of their Tenant, and in respect of his Pastorall charge to
haue a Parsonage there erected accordinge to the generall order for
personages w™ this Court hath well approued of and haue likewise
admitted him to be one of the Counsell of State in Virginia.

Thomas Read passed ouer (vnder his hand and Seale) 0
land in Virginia scituate in Coxendale ouer against the
ricus Some part thereof beinge called by the na»
vnto [53] Edward Hurd of London Cittize
acres was graunted vnto him by 8* Geo: vy the’
Virginia vnder the Collonies Seale in reward of his 8 yeares gi
seruice in that Country: Wherevpon the said Assignem‘ beinge

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

AT A CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA
ON WEDENSDAY THE 17™ Iu i622

PRESENT

||the right hon™||Lo: Cauendish.
||S' Edw: Sackuill. ||

fad ne m1’ Penistone. m’ Woodall.

S* Edwin Sandys. m’ Geo: Smith. m* Copland.

S* Phil: Cary. m' Mellinge. m'‘ Chris: Earle.
S* Iohn Dauers. m’ Edw: Palmer. wm’ Couell.

S* Iohn Brooke. m’ Iohn Smith. m’ lefferson.

S* Edwin Sandys lui. m’ Edw: Johnson. wm’ Roberte.

m* Nich’ ffarrar Dept. m* Iadwin. tH Grttet

m’' Gibbs. m’* Truloue. m’* Barkham.
m’ Wrote. m’ Harrison. m’ Martin.

Dot Anthony. m*‘ Stephens. m* Scott.

m‘ Binge. m’ Hith. m’ ffogge.

m* Barnard. m* Morewood. m’ Ley.

m* Whitley. m’ Rogers. m’ Elkington.
m’ Barker. m* Wheatly. m* Waterhowse.
m* Wilmer. m* Ewens. m’ Barbo’.

m’ Ayres. m* Newport. m* Gookin.

m’ ffelgate. m* Winn. with diuers others.
m’ Kirby. m’ Groce.

m’ Perry. m’* Leuer.

m’ Steward. m’ ffreake.

M’ Deputy moued the Court in reguard the time was farr spent they
might begin to dispatch some ordinary buissines before the Lords
came who were nowe imployed about the Companies buissines whereof

——S See —————

JULY 17, 1698 , 93

at their cominge they should haue an Account: Hee likewise prayed
that the Last Quarter Court might be put of till the next Quarter
Court to be read, for somuch as neither himselfe nor the Secretary
had as yet any spare time to perfect the same, w™ was agreed vnto.

A moéon was made in the behalfe of Captaine Thomas Iones Captaine
of the Discouery nowe imployed in Virginia for Trade and ffishinge
that he might be admitted a ffreeman of this Companie in reward of
the good seruice he hath there performed, The Court liked well of
the moéon and condiscended therevnto.

ffrancis Carter passed ouer one share of land vnto Iohn Hitch Cittizen
of London beinge the last Share of the later 40 assigned vnto him
from the Right Hono” the Lady D’Lawarre. [54]

Richard Bull passed ouer two shares of land in Virginia heretofore
assigned vnto him by Henry Rowland Goldsmith, the one vnto Raph
Bateman Cittizen and Grocer of London, the other Iohn Budge Citti-
zen and Stationer of London.

M’ William ffleete passed ouer three shares of land to his Daughter
Katherine ffleete.

A moéon was made that forasmuch ||as|| m* Truloue and his Associate
intend to proceed in their Plantaéon beinge no whitt discouraged with
this late Massacre of the English by the treacherous Indians are nowe
settinge forth a Barke called the Truloue of London of about 46: Tun
to Virginia they therefore desired the hono”® fauo’ of this Court to
graunt them a Comission for ||the|| said Shippe and Voyadge w™ the
Court agreed vnto.

Vpon the humble request of W™ Sheffeild peti@oninge for leaue to ad -
minister vpon the goode¢ (that are saued) of his Sonne Tho: Sheffeild
lately slaine by the Indians w™ good¢ he desires to preserue for the
vse of a Sonne of the said Thomas a Child about the age of twoe
yeares saued aliue in that bloudie Massacre, forsomuch as it was sup-
posed this would proue a leadinge case, and the suite of many others

94 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

to be releiued in: It was therefore thought fitt to referr it to a Cofi-
ittee to consider what power and authority may be graunted by the
Companie to the surviuinge frend¢e of Such as are slaine, or shall
hereafter decease to administer vpon the goodé lefte vnto them, and
what course may best be taken for recouery and preseruaéon of all
such good¢ from losse and imbeazellinge to the vse and behoufe of
the true proprietors, to this end the Court hath appointed

m* Gibbs. = =§—~S*”—s em” Wheatly.
m* Binge. — m* Gookin.
m’* Johnson. m’ Procter.

m’* Rob: Smith.
or any fower of them to meete on ffriaay next the i9™ of this present
Moneth about 2 of the Clocke in the Afternoone at m'‘ Deputies to
aduise about it, and to certifie their opinions to the next Court.

M’ Barkham presented to this Court a Graunt of certaine Lande passed
vnto him by 8‘ Geo: Yeardley vnder the Seale of the Colony vpon
condiéon that he compounded for the same with Opachankano and
procured a confirmaéon thereof from the Companie here within two
deyes |lyeares|| after the said Graunt for w“ confirmaéon he nowe
petigons the Court.

Vpon w™ occasion it was taken into consideraéon howe farr forth the
Gouernor of Virginia by a Charter heretofore graunted vnto him by
the Companie might graunt land¢€ in Virginia, and it was resolued
directly that by the Kings Letters Patents no other but the Companie
here and that in a Quarter Court onely had power to dispose of land
in Virginia neither had they liberty thereby to transmitt [55] that
power from themselues to any other, And as for the Clause w™ they
had graunted in their said Charter vnto the Gouernor of Virginia
touchinge the disposinge of land, it did only intend to giue him
power as a Ministeriall Officer to sett out to eaek |leuery|| man his
propper diuident either by direcéon from hence, or to such as had
acquired it there ||by purchase or seruice||, and therein cheifely to
respect the auncient Aduenturers and Planters, with authority also
to passe the said Grant€ vnder the Collonies Seale if so they did

JULY 17, 1622 , 95

desire it, but not to make an absolute Graunt of the said lands for
that the Seale in that case was but a certificate or testimony of so
much land sett out for the consideraéons aforesaid to be further rati-
fied and confirmed by the Company here who only had power to con-
firme the same vnto them: And further then this the Gouernor
neither had nor could haue any authority from hence to dispose of
land in Virginia, but this Graunt of Barkhams was held to be verie
dishonorable and preiudiciall to the Companie in reguard it was lym-
itted with a Proviso to compound with Opachankano, whereby a
Soueraignity in that heathen Infidell was acknowledged, and the
Companies Title thereby much infringed. It was also reputed a
fraudulent deed vnto the Grauntee, and of purpose onely to drawe a
ffee from him, w™ by report is very excessiue, in that kinde, there
beinge no lesse then 20" waight of Tobacco or 3" in money defiaunded
by the Secretary there fore euery such priuate diuident of 50: or 100:
acres passed vnder the Seale of the Colony, w™ this Court held to
be verie vnreasonable, and therefore for the preuention thereof
||hereafter]|| as also to avoid that confusion of grauntinge priuate Diui-
dent¢ in the cheifest places w many possessed themselues of, sas
§not§ with an intent to plante vpon the said land€ so much as to pre-
uent such other in their Diuident€ as tooke Patent¢ here, without
they compounded with them for these parcell¢€ that laye intermingled
It was for these reasons thought fitt to be referred to the iudgement
of the next Quarter Court to consider of some course for a speedie
reformaéon.

M’ Grindall also presentinge the like Grant vnder the Collonies Seale
of 150: acres bounded out and allotted vnto him at his first cominge
away in consideraéon of his seruice, for somuch as he hath promised
to plant the same at his arriuall there by this next Shipping The
Court herein beinge willinge to shewe fauo’ especially to such auncient
Planters as shall deserue well by their seruice and intend to plant
vpon the land sett out for them, haue ordered that a Letter shalbe
writt to the Gouernor to giue order to the Surveyor to sett out the due
proporéon of his said land and to bound the same euery waye within
his iust lymitte.

96 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

S' Edw: Sackuill beinge entreated by the former Court to acquaint
the Lorde of his Ma” Counsell with the Massacre of the English Col-
lony in Virginia by the Indians there and with the present necessity
of Armes and people to make a reparaéon, did nowe report that with
the first oppertunity he had accordingly informed their tps, and after
some questions passed about some pticulars he entreated their Ti”
mediaéon [56] to his Ma“* in their said suite w™ they were pleased
to performe whereof his Ma“* beinge informed as, also of the manner
of this Accident with great indignaéon apprehended the cause thereof
to be the same that their Tf did vizt that the Planters in Virginia
attended more ||their|| present proffitt rather then their safety ||and
pleasing them beams and a fence by —— so einai and dis-
persedly ple 2e—bhel 4 cortts paeies: But his Ma“
was so farr 2 of the eee of SO rom of his Subiect¢ and of the
present estate of the Colony as he was graceously pleased to promise
them assistance, and therevpon defiaunded what the Companies
desire. It was answeared Muniéon and people whereby they might
be enhabled to take a iust revenge of those treacherous Indians, and
to recouer what they had nowe lost as also to secure themselues against
the like or any other forraigne Enimy that should offer to assault
them wherevpon it pleased his Ma‘* to promise them some such Armes
out of the Tower as was desired whereof the Officers of the Tower
brought some of each kinde and reported their store there to be as
followeth.’

Briggandines al€ Plate Coat€............4. ~~ 100
lacka-of Mallen... . cast. o0e Leo 6 oo POR Se ay “se wD
lerkine-ar Shirt? of Minow sTm%.. 0... 16 TS 400
Dee. 66 6 COP OO. OL Oc. 0 TC 2000

The Court is continued by a generall Consent’ ef-kendes till all buissi-
nesses were ordered.

} Letters and printed declarations on this subject, and the orders for arms for the Company are
mentioned in List of Records, Nos. 293, 306, 318, 350, 354, 355, 356, 363, Vol. 1, pages 152, 154, 156,
158, 159, and 160, ante.

? Written over the word “‘ erecfon.”’

JULY 17, 1698 ‘on sal a 97

M’ Horwood petitoninge for releas of his Sonne in lawe Robert Dauies
from m‘ Rolfe hauinge serued out his three yeares accordinge to his
Contract, as also that he might haue his Diuident of land for that he
was furnished out at his charge, all w™ he said he had wittnesses in
Towne to proue: The Court hath entreated m’ Deputy to examine his
Wittnesses and therevpon ordered his petiéon should be recoffiended
to the Gouernor of Virginia to do the said Robert Dauies right
accordingly.

Whereas it appeares by an Acquittance presented at the said Court
vuto S' Thomas Smiths hand dated the 9" of September i607 that
m’ W™ Phetiplace beinge an auncient Planter paid vnto S' Tho:
Smith then Treasuror for Virginia the Some of 10" w™ beinge some-
what short of the purchase of a Share: The Court notwithstandinge
vpon his humble request and promise to plant the same within some
convenient time haue bin pleased to remitt him the odd money and to
allowe him 100 acres of land old Aduenture vpon a first diuision for
w* direcéon shalbe giuen to the Gouerno’ to cause the same to be sett,
out for him accordinge to the orders of the Companie. [57]

S* Edwin Sandys signified vnto the Courte that the Companie of the
Sumer Ilands in their great Quarter Court held the Tenth daye of
Iuly last had consented to the Contract intended to be made with his
Ma“ for the sole Importaéon of Tobacco, but with some difference
from the Virginia Companie touchinge the medium of the Custome
thereof, for the Company of the Suffer [lands havinge duely waighed
and considered of all circumstances incident therevnto conceaued it
would be more convenient and safe for them to paye the Custome of
6° the pounde ||weight|| for Roll Tobacco and 4° for leafe as it came in,
then to be tyed to paye the certainety of so great a Sofie of money, as
the medium came vnto, besides they considered that the Customers
hauing by this meanes of grauntinge a medium their Customes made
certaine, would take no care nor paines to discouer the stealinge in
of Spanish Tobacco, whereas in payinge the Customer the proffitt of
the Customers beinge also interessed therein, it would make them
the more vigilent and carefull to prevent the vndue bringinge in of

16456—voL 2—06——7

98 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Spanish Tobacco and thereby also saue the Companie much charge,
w* they must otherwise be at for maftayninge of a great number of
officers for this purpose Wherevpon it beinge taken into consideraéon
whither an Inferio’ Court had any power to alter that w" was so
solemnely ratified by a Quarter Court it was resolued it could not, but
withall they held it fitt to signifie to my Lo: Treasuror and certifie
by waye of Declaration of their perticular opinions that they con-
ceaued the Sufier ands Companie for many substantiall reasons had
taken the better course, and therefore the Companie of Virginia
would not oppose the drawinge vp of the Patent accordinge to the
desire and resoluGon of the Sumer [lands Companie, not doubting but
if the next Quarter Court for Virginia skeH ||should not|| aproue
thereof they shall entreat his lp: their first order may Stand.

S’ Io: Dauers © m'’ Iermyn

2 Deputies m’ Binge

m’ Gibbs m’ Ro: Smith
m’™ Wrote m’ White

m’ Brooke m’ Seldon

m” Herbert

m’ Io: Smith

or any fower of them are entreated to meete and aduise about the
drawinge vp of the Patent touchinge the Contract to be made with
his Ma"* for the sole Importaéon of Tobacco aceordinge to the Propo-
sitions agreed on by the Companies of Virginia and the Sumer Iands
in their great Quarter Court held this present month w™ is to be donn
in the most benificiall manner for the behoufe of both Companies,
who are likewise desired to attend m* Atturny about the same: And
also to take into their consideraéon those thing€ that are to be per-
formed before the said Contract is to be in force as namely the pro-
hibitinge the planting of Tobacco in England and Ireland also to
prohibite the importinge of any Spaxish ||Spanish|| Tobacco i#Knge-
lend-endtrelend more then the quantitie limited by this Contract. [58]

A Comission for Tobias ffelgate M’ of the Iames of London of about
140 Tun bound for Virginia with 90 Passengers was ordered to be
drawne vp and sealed.

AUGUST 14, 1622 99

A Comission likewise for m' ‘Langley M’ and Owner of the
Margarett and Iohn of i60 Tun bound for Virginia with one hundred
passengers.

At a Court HELD FOR VIRGINIA
THE 14™ or Avaust i622

PRESENT
Right Hono™ Lo: Cauendish.

m’ Gibbs. m* Bernard. m'‘ Geo: Smith.
m* Wrote. m’* Wheatley. m* Woodall.

m’ lo: ffarrar. m* Wiseman. m* Webbe.

m’ Nich: Farrar Dpt: m’ Ditchfeild. m’ Cuffe.

m’ Ro: Smith. m* Nicholle. with diuers others.
m’* Sheppard. m* Mellinge.

Whereas his Ma“ hath bin pleased at the humble Suite of the Virginia
Companie to lend vnto them 20 Barrell€ of Powder for the seruice of
the Colonie in Virginia to be repaid by the 10" of febreery |[Ianuary||
next for w* Security is to be giuen vnder the Companies Seale: The
Court entreated m’ Deputy to drawe vp the said Security and to affix
the Companies Seale therevnto.

And whereas it was further signified that they were in hand with a
bargaine for Twenty Barrell€ of powder more for time vpon the like
caution, The Co™ gaue order to m' Deputy, that if that bargaine pro-
ceeded to affix the Seale vnto the like Security for repayment at the
time agreed vpon.

A request was made by some of the Sumer Ilands Company for the
better supplyinge of the Sumer [lands with Armes (whereof there
was nowe very great want) this Companie would please to giue them
100 peeces and 50: browne Bill€ out of his Ma“ Prineely Guift and

1A blank space in the manuscript.

100 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

bounty bestowed upon this Companie w™ number the Sumer Ilande
Companie promise to maintaine: The Co takinge it into their con-
sideracon and waighinge duely howe much it doth import Virginia to
strengthen and support that Plantation in reguard of the vicinity and
mutuall dependance the one hath vpon the other, haue agreed to
graunt their request, not doubtinge but his Ma‘ and the State wilbe
pleased herewith, consideringe vpon what speciall and important
reasons the Companie were moued herevnto, and further it was agreed
and thought fitt, that the Bowes and Arrowes w™ his Ma‘ had giuen
to the Virginia Companie (in respect the vse and seatteringe of them
amongst the Indians might proue a thinge dangerous to our owne
people, and withall make them acquainted with the manner of fash-
oninge the Arrowe head¢) that therefore they should be deposited and
kept safe in the Sumer [lands in a readines against there should be
occasion to vse them in Virginia. [59]

An offer was likewise made by the Courte that euery private Planta-
tion Hundred and Burrowe might haue some of the said peeces,
Prouided they be at charge to trimme them vpp and make them fitt
and so send them to Virginia: Prouided also that they keepe and
mayntaine the like number alwayes fitt and seruiceable.

The Residue of the Armes were thought fitt and ordered by the Court
to be kept in a Cofion Store or Armory in Virginia for the Generall
seruice of the whole Colony vpon all occasions.

Certen Informers profferinge to the Court their seruice to discouer
some persons that had planted good quantities of Tobacco here in
England contrary to his Ma“ Proclamation, praid they might haue
some reward for that seruice. The Court hath referred them to be
considered for the paines they shall take herein vnto

m’ Deputy. m’ Nichollé.
m’ Geo: Smith. ©. m*™ Wiseman.
m’ Ditechfeild. - m’ Roberts.

m* Caninge. ~ or any fower of them.

SEPTEMBER 6, 1622 101

Ann Minter petigoninge for the discharge of Richard Minter her
Husband, whome shee saith was turned ouer by Do’ Bohune as Tenant
to the Phisitions place, contrarie to his promise: The Court not know-
inge of any such priuate agreement between Do‘ Bohun and him,
Haue notwithstandinge in coffisseraéon of her pouerty, and vpon her
earnest request, ordered, that her Husband Richard Minter shalbe
sett free and at liberty to dispose of himselfe, he payinge 100°" of
good leafe Tobacco for the Companies vse vnto m' Geo: Sandys
Treasuro’ in consideraéon of the charge the Companie were at, for
his furnishinge out and Transportaéon: And if he be desirous to staye
still in Virginia; It is further ordered, that he payinge the aforesaid
quantity of Tobacco, shall besid€ his freedome haue fiftie acres of
land sett out for him and his heires for euer to plant vpon for his owne
benifitt and not otherwise if he returne for England.

At A CouRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON
THURSDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 5°
OF SEPTEMBER 1622

PRESENT
Right Hono™

m’ Tohn ffarrar. ' m* Wiseman.

m’ Nich: ffarrar. — - mm Bennett.

||m* Roberte. || m’ Cuffe.

m’ Wrote. m'’ Webbe.

m* Wheatly. m* Baynham.

m Caswell. , with divers §many§ others.

m’ Nicholls.

m’ Geo: Smith. [60]

The Sumer Ilands Court held this Afternoone beinge dissolued, m*
Nicho: ffarrar the Deputy acquainted them, that whereas it pleased
his Ma“* out of his Princely care of the Plantation of Virginia, to

102 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

direct his graceous Letters vnto m* Treasuror and Company for Vir-
ginia to comaund a speedie course be taken for the settinge vpp of
Silkworks and plantinge of Vineyards throughout the whole Colony
in Virginia (for the orderinge whereof one m* Bonnell his Ma™ Serv-
ant had giuen verie good directions in his booke lately published)
Wherevpon his Ma” Counsell for Virginia havinge taken it into their
consideraéon thought fitt for the better Accomplishment of his High-
nes pleasure in a buissines of so great consequence vnto the Planta-
tion that a speaciall letter be writt by the Companie to the Counsell
* ~— in pe. se ee eee [Fety-t- tHe

: exert hee PAE neh ott eéens to require and charge a
prawn pha “of his Ma“ som comandment in the Pression
for w* purpose they had conceaued the forme of a letter w™ beinge
nowe presented in Court was read and beinge well approued of, the
Court ordered and appointed the same to be printed and affixed to the
Silkworme booke of m* Bonnells y* ffrenchman."

M' Deputy further acquainted the Court that he had receaued a war-
rant signed by ¢he-said ||sundry|| Lords of his Ma* Priuy Councell
directed to the Treasuror and Deputy of this Companie requiringe
one Dan: ffrancke (a malefacto" lately repreiued) be sent to Virginia
(from whence he may not returne into any his Ma Dominions w“out
speaciall license obtained vnder six of the Counsell€ hand¢) w™
ffrancke had contracted to serue in Virginia one Elianor Phillipps
that nowe goes ouer with him, in consideraGon whereof the said
Phillipps offers to paye for his passage if the Companie please to per-
mitt the said ffrancke to goe: Wherevpon the Court ordered he should
be sent to Virginia accordinge to the Lords order, and should be put
abourd the Southampton and cofiitted to the charge of m* lames
Chester Captaine of the said Shippe bound for Virginia, to deliuer
him in Virginia according to his Direcéons.

Vpon the moéon and earnest request of the Society of Martins Hun-
dred that Tho: Nicholls might be released from of the Companies
Land and imployed in their Hundred for the better diuidinge of their

1This treatise, containing also the two letters, is referred to in List of Records, No. 347, Vol. I,
page 158, ante.

OCTOBER 7, 1622 103

lands there (he beinge skillfull in the matter of Suruey) for whome
they haue promised to giue the Companie good satisfaccon. The
Court herevpon were contented to order that the said Nicholls should
be sett free and put vpon the imployment of Martins Hundred, and
withall should haue such booke and Instrumente as belonged to his
buissines of survey for the vse and seruice of that Hundred. [61]

AN EXTRAORDINARY COURT HOLDEN
FOR VIRGINIA ON MONDAY THE 7° oF
OcTOBER i622

PRESENT

S* Io: Dauers. m’* Whitely. m' Mellinge.

S‘ Io: Brooke. m’ Barbo’. m’ Elkington.

S* Phil: Carey. m’ Caswell. m' Coxe.

m’ Nich’? ffarrar. Dpt. m* Swinhowe. m* Newport.

m’ Jo: ffarrar m* Copland. m’ Penistone.

m’ Gibbs. m* Withers. m* Roberte.

m* Wrote. m’ Barkham. m' Geo: Smith.
m'‘ Binge. m’ Kirby. m’* Sparrowe.

Do Anthony. m’ Waterhowse. m* Ley.

m* Ro: Smith. m’ Jadwin. m' Coop.

m*‘ [ermin. m* Wood. m’ Budge.

\im' Roberts. || m’ Hawkins. m' Tho: Waterhowse.
m’* Rogers. m*™ Morewood. m‘ Woodall &
Capt: Martin. m’ Leuer. mm’ Palmer.

m* Purcas. m’ Bennett. with diuers others.

M' Deputy signified vnto the Companie that the occasion of callinge
this Court was for the dispatch awaye of the Abigaile, And for that
diuers petiGons had bin exhibited w™ were to be ordered and sent by
this Shippe some of greuiances for wrong¢ donn by vniust factors and
Partners in Virginia others of claime to land€ and good¢ belonginge

104 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

vnto them by the late death of frend¢€ there; And further whereas
the Counsell had by the Iames already sent their Letters of aduise
and direcéon to the Gouernor and Counsell of Virginia touchinge the
late Massacre and other important buissinesses: So as it had bin
taken into consideraéon and held verie fitt that the like addresse should
be nowe made by the Compa to second the former, whereof a draught
beinge made, he nowe presented in Court w™ beinge read and well
approued of, was ordered to be signed by the Deputy in the name of
the Companie and wittnessed by the Secrety.

After this the petiéons were read and ordered as followeth (vizt)

M’ John ffarrar and his Partners complayninge by petiton against
Captaine ||William|| Tucker and one Henry Gats for not havinge
returned them any Account of those good¢ they committed to their
charge w™ cost them well neare 900" navinge imployed them as their
ffactors and Agent@€ in the Shippe called the Elianor they therefore
praied this buissines might be so recofiended to the Gouernor and
Counsell of Virginia as they might haue Iustice donne them and all
lawfull furtherance giuen to those they had appointed their Atturnies
herein, Wherevpon the Court did very earnestly recomend this
petiéon to the Gouerno’ and Councell to take it especially into their
care that iustice and right may be donne without delaye vnto y° Peti-
éoners and that satisfacéon may be made them to the full in all their
lawfull and iust demaundé, for so both the matter it selfe required and
the merritte€ of the psons [62] of the Colony are extraordinary and
that of the proceeding¢ herein the Companie desire to haue an Account
returned them by the first The Companie were likewise pleased.
that Charles Atkinson being their Tenant shall doe this seruice for the
Petiéoners.

M’ Edw: Bennett in his Petigon makinge two request€ vnto the Com-
panie the one that the cause in difference between him and Capt.
||Raph|| Hatter might be recomended to the Counsell of Virginia to
do him iustice, The other that his people might be returned to his
Plantaton at Warascoacke: The Court ordered that the Gouerno’ and

OCTOBER 7, 1622 105

Councell in Virginia should take extraordinary care of that buissines
that so farr as right and iustice will permitt his request may be satis-
fied and that a perfect and speedie Account be returned them of all
proceedings therein and that they do not onely giue leaue to the
repossessinge of Warasquoak, but further doe verie earnestly recofii-
end the settlinge of his affaires and buissines to the fauo' and fur-
therance of the Gouernor and Councell, and that what courtesie they
shall shewe him therein, the Companie will accept as donne to them-
selues in reguard m‘ Bennet (beside great seruices donne for the
aduancement of the Plantagon) is the largest Aduenturor that they
knowe of.

M’ W™ Caps an auncient Planter in Virginia in his petiéon made 3
request€ vnto the Companie: 1: That 8° W™ Newce might be required
to deliuer him the fiue men for whose transportaéon be paid him 30"
here in Towne 2: That S' Geo: Yeardley might restore vnto him the
Danske Chest and goodé he detaines from him, And lastly that he
might haue satisfacton for the land taken from him by 8S Geo:
Yeardley then Gouernor for that it laye in that part where the Com-
pany had appointed their land to be sett out (notwithstandinge he
saith he was possessed thereof before that allottment was made:)
Wherevpon it was ordered that it should be certified that the Com-
panie had bestowed on the Petitioner 30" w™ m’ Io: ffarrar testified
to haue bin paid to S' W™ Newce to the intent expressed (vizt) for
the transportaéon of those fiue men w™ they doubt not he will
pforme: And in that and the matter of the Chest they desire the
the Peticon’ haue right donne him, as for the land, if he were law-
fully possessed of it before it was ordered for the Companie they
hold it iust that it should be restored him or el€ satisfactéon made him
to the full with allowance of daMage it beinge their intent to giue of
their owne and not to take from other.

M' Henry Rolfe in his Petiton desiringe the Estate his Brother Iohn
Rolfe deceased lefte in Virginia might be enquired out and converted
to the best vse for the mainetenance of his Relict wife and Children
and for his indempnity (hauinge brought vp the Child his said

106 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Brother had by Powhatan’s Daughter w™ Child is yet lyvinge and in
his eustodie) It was ordered [63] that the Gouernor and Counsell of
Virginia should cause enquirie be made what Landé and goodes the
said Iohn Rolfe died seized of; and in case it be found the said Rolfe
made no Will, then to take such order for the Peti¢oners indempnity
and for the mayntenance of the said Children and his relict wife as
they shall finde his Estate will beare (his debt€ vnto the Companie
and others beinge first satisfied) and to returne vnto the Companie
l|here|| an Account of their proceedinge.

Tane Glouer and Bridgett Hubbard peticoninge for leaue to adminis-
ter vpon the estate of Samuell Stringer their naturall Brother lately
slaine in Virginia, beinge indebted vnto them (as they affirme) It
was ordered that the Gouernor and Counsell of Virginia should be
entreated to cause enquirie be made what estate in land¢ and goodes
the said Stringer died seized of and therein to shewe Iohn Tuke m’
of the Abigall (whome by their Letter of Atturney they haue author-
ised to receaue the said good¢ to their vse) all lawfull fauo’ and assist -
ance they may for helpinge the PetiG@oners to come to their right
(with due respect) they beinge not onely his Creditors but his heires
also.

Edward Peirs Cittizen and Marchantaylo* of London, petiGoninge for
leaue to administer vpon the estate of one Thomas Peirs his Brother,
late inhabitinge neare Mulbery [lands in Virginia (who was there
slaine with his wife and child in the late Massacre) It was ordered
that forsomuch as it hath bin testified as well by Certificate from 8S"
W™ Owen knight and Thomas Iones esquire Bayliffe of the Towne of
Shrewsbury as also vpon oath taken of the Peticon’ and one Robert
Corbett by the Deputy and some other of his Ma“ Counsell for Vir-
ginia that the said Edward Peirs is the onely Brother of the said
Thomas deceased, and that he hath but one only Sister namely Ann
Peirs lyvinge That the Gouerno’ and Councell of Virginia should be
entreated to shewe the Petiéoner or his Assignes what lawfull fauo‘’
and assistance they may in the premisses that the Proprietors may
receaue the benifitt of the proceed of those good¢ that shalbe found
out with ail expidiéon.

OCTOBER 7, 1622 © 107

Toane Blancher petiéoninge likewise for that estate her Husband Iohn
Blancher died seized of in Virginia: It was ordered that the like
direcGon should be giuen to the Counsell there to cause enquirie be
made what good¢ he lefte and not onely to gine an Account but also
to returne the good¢ themselues or the proceed thereof (beinge sold to
the value) to the Treasuror and Companie here to the vse and benifitt
of the said Peticon’.

A Certificate beinge presented in Court vnder the hand of diuers
therein named, certifyinge that Iames Darey is the next heire of Iosua
Darey who was lately slaine in Virginia: The Court ordered that
forsomuch as this Certificate was testified to be true by m' Wheatley
a Brother of this [64] Companie, it should be recomended to the
Counsell of Virginia to cause enquirie be made what goode¢ the said
Iosua Darey died seized of, and to giue order that they be sold to the
best value and to returne the proceed thereof to the Treasuror and
Company here for the vse and benifitt of the said lames Darey.

The Brothers and Sisters of Captaine Nath: Powell peticoninge for
order that their said Brothers estate might be enquired out and certi-
fied, and the Proceed thereof returned vnto the Companie here
for their vse and benifitt, It was ordered that it should be recom-
ended to the Counsell of Virginia to haue an espeaciall care of this
buissines, both because it is of great consequence, as also for that
Capt: Nath: Powell was a man of extraordinary merritt, and the
PetiGoners poore men, wherefore they desired that Iustice and right
may be donn them ||therein||, and that so speedily as the Petigoners
may receaue the benifitt thereof by the first returne of Shipps, and
not onely an Account, but also the good¢€ themselues or the proceed
of them beinge sold to the value be returned to the Treasuror and
Companie.

Iohn Stephens and Raph Baylie petiéoninge both to one effect vizt
that direcéon might be giuen to the Gouernor of Virginia to sett out
their Diuident of land where and when he should thinke fittest for
their safety and convenience; The Companie conceaued the Petiéon-
ers request to be so resonable as they are assured the Counsell of

108 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Virginia will not deny it them, but be readie to shewe them and their
people what fauo’ they may for the safe and convenient settlinge of
them.

The Companie beinge informed by the Auditors that 8" Geo: Yeardley
in stead of 500" w™ by the Counselle Letter of the 18 of Decemb’
i619 he was coffaunded to returne for the 50 youthes then sent by
his Ma"* CoMaund hath onely returned 3333" waight of Tobaceo, w™
beinge sent to Middleburrough and there sold comes to ||no|] more
then 275" 15 06 haue ordered that the Account of that Tobacco signed
by the Auditors and Bookeep should be sent vnto m‘ Geo: Sandys
Treasuror in Virginia to be shewed vnto the said S* Geo: Yeardley
and the rest whome it may concerne, and that they should be caused
to make satisfacéon for the 224" 4: 6: w“ is remayninge due vnto the
Companie this yeare in good leafe Tobacco to be sent home in the
Abigall.

It was also further ordered that the Account of the Tobacco sent home
last yeare to the Companie should be sent to m* Geo: Sandys, that he
might see at what rate it was here sold and cause further satisfac¢on
to be given from whome it is due. [65]

It was also ordered that a Coppie of Leiutenant W™ Peirs his Bond
should be sent vnto m* Geo: Sandys who is required to leavy of the
said W™ Peirs the 500" of Tobacco appearinge due to the Companie
by the said Bond and to send it home in the Abigall.

In these perticulars the Companie desire m*’ Geo: Sandys to be verie
carefull and the Gouerno’ to give him all the assistance that the
Companie be not disappointed of so due debt€ in this time of great
necessity.

And it is further ordered that the Gouerno’ of Virginia shall not here-
after graunt leaue to any indebted to the Companie to returne for
England vntill he hath giuen full satisfacéon for all such debt¢ as he
shall stand charged with.

OCTOBER 7, 1098 =... 109

M* Deputy acquainted the Court, that m’ Secretary Dauison had
requested him humblie to tender to the consideraéon of this Noble
Company the great losse that he had endured this last yeare by want
of 13 of of those 20 Tenant¢ that the Companie were pleased to
graunt and promise to him: Wherevpon he humblie besought them,
that they would bestowe vpon him at present in recompence or sat-
isfacton of that damage the Sumie of 50" w™ he would procure to be
lent the Companie vnder their Seale at a yeares daye of payment, M'
Deputy added that he would not haue dared in this time of the Com-
panies extreame pouerty to propound a matter of so great charge vnto
them, but that he did for his part conceaue, that in trueth the doeinge
of this, should be a matter rather of payment of debt then pointe of
liberality, and besid¢ that m’ Secretary Dauison himselfe had found
the meanes for procuringe the money, and that after such a manner,
as he for his part, should be verie glad, if all the Companies Debte
might be so discharged, but against this it was obiected, that M' Sec-
retary had receaued ffees in Virginia in recompence of his want of
men, and further that he had not performed his seruice aboue halfe
the time; And lastly that howsoeuer, the President would be verie
dangerous whereby other Officers that had suffered the like dafiages
would make the like demaunde: But for the first m’ Deputy and his
Brother m‘ John ffarrar affirmed, that m* Secré Dauison had solemly
protested to them diuers times (they havinge challenged him thereof
acecordinge to some Letters that did seeme to import so much) that he
had receaued no ffees at all or to no value at least, and that although
there was at first an intenéon by the Gouernor and Counsell to make
him satisfacéon after that manner; yet afterward consideringe with
himselfe, that perhappe it would be displeasinge to the Company here
beinge so precisely forbidden by them he did relinquish it, rather
puttinge himselfe vppon the Companies noblenes, And for the per-
formance of his place that m‘ Geo: Sandys had vndertaken it out of
his loue to him; and further that his cominge ouer [66] was in parte
for the better Informaéon of the Counsell, of the State of the Colony:
As for the last thinge it was generally adiudged to be a verie smale
recompence for so great dafiage and that the Companie should haue
a verie great bargaine of it to satisfie proporconably all the like

110 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

demaunde. But in the end because the matter was of great waight
in this necessitous time of the Companie it was thought fitt to reserue
the matter of absolutely giuinge it to the indgment of a Quarter Court ;
After full and certen knowledge of the perticulers in question and
doubt; But that yet in the meane while for the accomodatinge of m*
Dauison in his present vrgent occasions beinge to carry ouer his wife
with him to Virginia, the said 50" offered by m‘’ Weston to be lent,
Should be accepted and the Companies Seale giuen for the payment
of it at a yeares day And that the said 50" should be paid to m* Secré
Dauison, he giuinge his Bond to repaye it to the Companie in January
1623.

AT A COURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA THE
237 or OCTOBER i622

PRESENT
the Right Hono” Lo: Cauendish.

S' Phill: Care ‘

S' lo: Dauers : | knighte.
m’ Nich ffarrar Dpt. m' Darnelly. m’ ffogge.
m’ Gibbs. m™ Palmer. m’* Caswell.
m’ Wrote. m'’ Bennett. m’ Roberte€.
m* Wilmer. m* Copland. m’ Parker.
m* Binge. m’* Balmeford. m’* Cooke.
m’ Io: ffarrar. m’ Mellinge. m’ Swinhowe.
m’ Ro: Smith. m’ Cuffe. m’ Newport.
m* Berblocke. m’* Withers. m' Sparrowe.
m* Geo: Smith. m’ Bland. m’ Ditchfeild.
m’ Bull. m’ Peirs. m* Wheat.

m* Sheppard. m’ Rogers.
with diuers others.

After the readinge of the former Court, a great part whereof con-
sisted in the Answeares of many petiéons that had bin presented, m"
Deputy signified vnto the Court, that this manner of settinge downe

OCTOBER 23, 1622 _ ' 111

the Soffis of the petigons and of the Court¢ Answeares was a thinge
of very great Trouble to the Secretary and himselfe, and many times
perhapps neither the true meaninge of the Peticon’, nor of the
Answeare, was so fully and plainely expressed as was fitt and requi-
site, and therefore many times occasion of doeinge wronge might be
ministred: Wherevpon he offered to the consideraéon of the Court,
that the very peti¢ons themselues [67] should be registred and
entred either in the Court book€ or some perticuler booke for that
purpose, and that the answeare of euery peti¢on might be drawne vpp
while the Court sat and read, w™ would be a safe course both for the
Companie and Petiéoners and likewise for the Deputy and Secretary,
and this Course he thought the more necessarie in reguard the great -
est part of the Petitions put vp to the Companie do not admitt the
reveiwe and exemisaces ||lapprobaéon|| of a second Court, but vpon
the orderinge end §the§ execuéon doth imediately followe, as all the
petigons read in the former Court and there ordered were the next
day sent to Virginia whereby if there had been erro’ in mistakinge
the Companies meaninge it could not be remedied.

Hee desired them farther likewise to take into their consideraéon
howe the multitude of Petiéons daylie encreased, So that the Courte
had not time nor leasure to order them wherevpon himselfe was con -
tinually troubled with the importunity of Petigoners for not receau-
inge speedie satisfacéon as they did desire; w did exceedingly molest
him, and some of them did much clamo' of the Companie: ffor redresse
whereof, as also for the equall administraéon of Iustice and fauo’ vnto
all, (w he knewe to be the Companies principal] intent) he desired
that they would take into their consideraéon what course and order
should be held for the receauinge of Petiéons for the informinge the
Court of the pticularities of them and for the answearinge of them:
Concerninge all w* point¢ and the former, he and some of the Coun-
sell (w‘" whome he had conferred thereabout) conceaued that there
might be so good and orderly a course sett downe as should much
tend to the ease of the Court in expediting of petitones and to the
speedie reliefe and satisfacéon of all due Complaynant€ and iust Peti-
éons: The Court hauinge debated these point€ and findinge them

112 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

verie waightie, and that it was most expedient to take some course
therein did thinke fitt to referr the consideraéon of them and all other
matters incident to Petitons vnto a select Comittee which were then
named (vizt)

m* Gibbs. m* Ro: Smith.
m’ Wrote... ~~. = m Berblocke.
MM Bee ie m* Caswell.
The two Deputies. __ &

m'lo: Smith... m’ Mellinge.

who are entreated to meete at m* Deputy fferrars howse on Monday
in the Afternoon the 28" of this present Month and there to consult
and aduise concerninge the point€ formerly menéoned and all other
pticulers belonginge to the matter of petigons and to sett downe their
opinions and iudgement€ thereof and to bringe the same in writinge
to the next Court.

M’ Deputy further acquainted the Court that diuers of the Counsell
and Companie had of late obserued some efors and default in the
transportinge of persons and good¢, w™ if there were not some timely
remedy for preuention [68] would both breed much wronge to the
private Planters that goe ouer, and hereafter great trouble and vexaéon
to this Court: The point¢ were three: ffirst that diuers Shipps nowe
goeinge daylie (aswell from London as other part¢,) without any fur-
ther Referrence to the Companie then a Comission from them, there
was no Note or Register kept of the names of the persons transported,
whereby himselfe and the other officers were not able to giue any
satisfacéon to the persons, that did daylie and howerly enquire after
their frend¢ gon to Virginia, to the great discontent of people here,
and that this likewise would proue a thinge of great trouble and
molestaéon to the Court when after the expiraéon of i624, either the
persons themselues transported or their heires should come to clame
their diuisions of land¢, the Companie hauinge no ground to knowe,
what or why any thinge should be due vnto them but their owne
wordes: The second pointe was that many times the Passengers
shippinge their good¢ themselues and through ignorance and want of

OCTOBER 23, 1682 . 113

vnderstandinge 1n suco affaires, not takinge that course as they ought,
though their good¢€ were imbeaselled by the Marriners in the waye
llyet|| they could come to no right, wantinge sufficient proufe of the
deliuery of them abourd the M’; and if any priuate man hapned to
dye, all his goodes were presently imbeazelled and as it were confis-
cated by the Marriners, that afterward his friend¢ could neuer come
to recouer any of them, nor tell w™ waye to goe about it, There
beinge no publique euidence of the receauinge of the said goode abourd,
and if there were any priuate they perished with the Party himselfe;
The third thinge was the prouidinge by some fitt course that the Cou-
enant€ between M™ and Servant€ might be respectiuely pformed, to
the full, that neither oppression nor fraude might be exercised by the
one or other: In both w™ kinde¢, there were many complaint¢ both of
M’ and Servant¢ w™ were daylie like to encrease and as the Plantaéon
did augment and especially the wrong¢ of Servante, It beinge obserued
here that diuers old Planters and others did allure and beguile divers
younge psons and others (ignorant and vnskillfull in such matters) to
serue them vpon intollerable and vnchristianlike condiéons vpon
promises of such reward€ and recompence, as they were no wayes
able to performe nor euer meant: These three head¢ beinge discussed
by the Court, were conceaued to be very waightie and were therefore
referred to the consideraéon of the former Comittee.

And likewise vpon remonstrance by some other what inconveniences
did arise in Virginia for want of a sett and orderly course for the
prouing of Will¢ and Testament¢ and other thing¢ thereto belonginge,
the former Comittee were likewise desired to take that buissines into
their consideraéons and to deliuer their opinions and iudgement€
therein to the next Court in writinge of all the premisses. [69]

The Court hath likewise referred the perticular greiuance of Tho:
Goldsmith touchinge his Sonne Arthur detayned by S* Geo: Yeardley
as his Tenant, to the examinaéon of the said Comittee, who are duely
to informe themselues and consider of each perticuler circumstance
and to certifie howe they finde it together with their opinions what
they thinke fitt to be donne therein.

16456—vor 2—06——8

114 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M’ Deputy signified vnto the Companie, it was not vnknowne vnto
them, that amongst the many worthie Guifte bestowed on the Plan-
taton there was the last yeare giuen, by a person refusinge as yet to
be named 40° p Afiu for euer (and therevpon an order established) for
a Sermon to be preached before the Virginia Companie euery Michas
Terme on Wedensday fortnight before the last Wedensday in the said
Terme, Hee therefore moued to knowe their pleasure whome they
would entreat to preach the said Sermon; Wherevpon some propos-
inge the Dean of Paules, the Court without naminge any other, did
verie much desire he might be entreated therevnto, hopinge he would
please vpon their generall request signified vnto him, to vnder ke the
paines and the rather for that he was a Brother of this Companie and
of their Counsell In confidence whereof the Court praid
S* Io: Dauers m’ Binge &
S’ Phil: Carey m'’ Deputy

to solicite him earnestly herevnto in the name of the Companie; w™
they promised to performe, and for the place where the Sermon is to
be preached. The Court haue made choise of S* Michaell€ Church
in Cornehill as the most convenient: After w™ Serffion ended, it is
also thought fitt and agreed the Custome they beguii the last yeare
shalbe continued namely to suppe together, and for that cause haue
entreated m* Caswell and m’‘ Mellinge (who last time so well pformed
it to all the Companies content) beinge assisted with m* Bennett and
m’ Rider to be Stewardé¢ this yeare also, for prouidinge and orderinge of
the Supper and buissines therevnto belonging and of the place where
it shalbe kept, and accordingly to giue notice thereof vnto all the
Companie by sendinge the Officer with Tickett¢ that are to be printed
for this purpose, notifyinge the time and place and what each man is
to paye, w™ is nowe agreed shalbe iij’ a peece as findinge by the last
yeares experience it cannot be lesse to beare out the full charge: And
for that at such great feast¢ Venizon is esteemed to bee a most neces-
sary Complement, the Court hath thought fitt that letters be addressed
in the name of the Company vnto such Noblemen and Gentlemen as
are of this Society to request this fauo" at their hand€ and withall
their presence at the said Supper.’ [70]

1This sermon, preached November 18, was printed. It is referred to, List of Records, No. 375, Vol. I,
page 161,ante. A letter concerning the sermon is given in List of Records, No. 381, Vol. 1, page 161, ante.

.

OCTOBER 28, 1622 115

M’ Deputy acquainted the Companie that whereas they hired hereto-
fore certaine Dutch Carpenters of Hamburrough for makinge of
Saw-mill€ in Virginia whither they beinge sent, died within a short
time after (and onely one returned) beimge Shauing$ effected nothinge
in that buissines, and that notwithstandinge satisfacéon hath bin
giuen to the ffull vnto their Wiues, for so longe time as their said
Husbands Lined accordinge to their contract¢; yet through the insti-
gaton and Clamerous report¢ of him that returned these weomen
were stirred vp to put in suite those English men that had giuen
Security at Hamburrowgh for payment of their said Husbande wages,
demaundinge of them no lesse then their ffull paye as if they had
liued out their times: Insomuch as the said English were cdstrained
(to auoide further trouble aud charge of Suite) to agree with them
and vpon a Composiéon to giue them 27" to surcease their suite, w™
they hoped the Companie here would againe repaye, consideringe it
was for their cause, and therefore had nowe made ouer a Bill of
Exchange to be paide by the Companie; w™ the Court taking into
their consideraéon, although they found of right nothinge to be due
to the said weomen, beinge formerly satisfied, yet seeinge the stand -
inge out in the Suite against them might drawe on a further charge
w™ would hardly be recouered againe of the P"*' (beinge verie poore)
and consideringe also on the other side what hard measure it were
that the English (w™ entred into this Security on the Companies be-
halfe) should be forced to paye this money, did therefore agree and
order that the said Some should be discharged accordinge to their
request vpon the said Bill.

Capt: Hamers Letter was read, relatinge some accident¢€ that had
happned in the Colony since the Massacre, the killinge of certen
Indians, burninge of their Townes, the ioyninge with the Kinge of
Patomecke against Opachankano Cap: Maddison sent vnto him with
30: English, the insolent Answ* of Opachankano to the Gouerno™
message for restoringe of the captiue English, with the dishono* he
did to the Kings Picture, the resoluéon of y® Gouerno’ and Counsell
at the end of August to make Warre vpon Opachankano, with 500
men, hopinge by God¢ helpe this winter to cleare the Country of him
1 Plaintiffs.

116 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

and setlinge the Colony in a farr better estate, then it was before,
and that this Massacre will proue much to the speedie aduancem’ of
the Colony and much to the benifitt of all those that shall nowe come
thither.

A Comission to m* Newland¢ Ship called the Plantaéon beinge to
transport people to Virginia and afterward to make a fishinge voyage
was ordered to be sealed.

M’ Bennett likewise mouinge the Court for two Shipps he intends to
send to Virginia, order was giuen for drawinge vp his Coffiissions
after the vsuall manner and to seale them. [471]

At A CouRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA
THE 6° or NovuEMB: 1622
PRESENT

Right Hono™ Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Padgett.

S* Edw: Sackuill. S* Phil: Carey.
S* Io: Dauers. 8 Io: Brooke.
S' Edwin Sandys. S Ro: Killigrewe.

m’ Deputy. m’® Tomlins. m* Wheatley.

m' Gibbs. m* Sheppard. m’ Bull.

m’ Wrote. m’* Rogers. m* Woodall.

m’* Binge. m’* Caswell. m’* Mellinge.

m’ Jo: ffarrar. m’ Edwarde. m’ Cuffe.

mm’ Io Smith. m’ Withers. m’ Roberte.

m’ Ro: Smith. m’ Bennett. m’” Meuerell.

m’ Io: Zouch. m* Wiseman. m’ Martin.

m* Wilmott. m* Swinhow. Capt Bargraue.

m’ Paulavicine. m* ladwin. m’ Edw: Waterhowse.
with diuers others.

M’ Deputy signified vnto the Court that whereas diuers waightie
buissinesses had bin propounded and referred by the last Court to the

NOVEMBER 6, 1682 Wy

consideragon of a select Comittee, they had accordingly mett and
aduised vpon the pticulars, and findinge in some thing€ much diffi-
culty, and w* would require great deliberaton they thought fitt to
deferr the same pticulars till their next meetinge; So as for the present,
the Comittee had onely gonn through the first head coffiended vnto
them namely concerninge petiéons, touchinge w™ hauinge drawne vp
their opinions by writinge they did nowe present the same to the
iudgement of this Court beinge as followeth.

SAt a meetinge of the Comittees
the 28™ Octo: 16228
Concerninge Petiéons.
$m’ Gibbs.
mm” Binge. m’ fo: ffarrar.
m’ Nich: ffarrar. m’ Caswell.
m” Ro: Smith. m” Mellinge.§

The Committees conceave that for the better ease and expediton both of the
Companie & petitoners there should be a sett Comittee out of the Counsell
and Companie of men both of ability and Diligence who should euery Court
Daye at one a Clocke meete to receaue petitons.

This Committee should consider of the seuerall kind€ of petitons and bringe
them vnder certaine head¢ for the sooner and surer dispatchinge of them by
propoundinge and passinge thing€ of the same nature orderly together, they
should haue a care that all petitons be presented with a right stile, and that if
any concerne thing€ not fitt for publique readinge they be reserued for the
Counsell. [72]

The Committees shall likewyse consider and take into their consideraton the
seuerall matters of peti¢on and by informinge themselues of the perticularities
prepare the matter for the Companies easier determinagon.

The Committees shall deliver the Petiton to the Secretary who shall giue the
peticon’ a note vnder his hand of the receipt of such a peti¢on and likewise
the time when the Comiittee thinke fitt the petitoner should attend to receaue
an aunsweare from the Companie.

Every Petitioner receiving his an aunsweare, the aunsweare shalbe endorsed
on the petizon or vnder [it] duringe the sittinge of the Court and read, and if
it cannot be so donne the Secretary shall not sett his hand to the order vntill
such time as at least three of the Cofiiittee (whereof m" |the| Deputy to be
one) haue pervsed and allowed the said order that it is right accordinge to the

Companies meaninge.

118 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Secretary shall keepe all the petitons on a file with the orders endorced
vpon §or vnder§ them and the Day of the date of them and shall further
engrosse them in a booke orderly with reference to the file and the next Court
shall read the peti@ons and orders out of the Booke.

For every Petition graunted in fauor he shall haue from y° petiéon" a shilling
and no more for a Coppie of the order for w™ shillinge also he shalbe bound
to giue a Coppie of the peti¢on it selfe if the peticon’ shall desire it or if it be
necessary.’
Which orders beinge reade through and after agayne by severall parte
reexamined and deliberated uppon the Courte did well aprove of them
and theruppon being putt to y® Question were ratified by the Gen-
erall Consent of y® whole Courte.

The next thing taken into consideration was both the number and
Quallity of those that should bee apoynted Committees of w" it was
thought fitt that the Auditors should always bee in regard of there
greate experience and practize in the Compagnys affayres and y*‘ there
should bee ioyned unto them eight or ten more and y* out of this
number three ef at least wherof the Deputy to bee one might bee
always present for the receiving and considering of Petitions and
further y‘ the Committee shoulde bee yearely chosen uppon the day of
Election of the Treasuror and other Officers and y* there shoulde bee
yeerly |lan|| alteration of some of them for the better information of
others in the Compagnys affayres and buissinesses.

Thees things being putt to the Question were severally ratifyde and
confirmed by erection of hands and to bee of the Committee for the
present yeare were nominated theese following

S' Edwyn Sandys. S' Ihon Brooke.
S* Iohn Davers. m’* Deputy.
— 6 | m* Thon Wroth. m' Wrott.
ucHors ) m* Ihon Farrar. m’ Thon Smith.
namely | ¥: Ghibbe. unto whom J |: Byng.
m’ Keightly. wer Toyned | 14: Tomlyné.
m* Robert Smith.
m* Bennett
m* Caswell

1 The initial words of the previous paragraphs and the following action of the court, including the
names of the committee, are in the handwriting of Nicholas Ferrar.

ie F

y
ia” xp yh maf ae = eet

ie op ged tester 3 cones Ae,
* oy hig 5 Vadeeie Las Kerne, eee AG A)

| Ly he
“Se EH Ey: tps he
- Tryon) ad ew PB). a
etal’ 9» mth may —~
— oO Mt He. Ne pee age
| ony, Pca Srvating weed,
_— ani a (maw ty 47 2h, GL flap
Lite feo he pyres a
eG a fa ¥% yer cc Vlpet
i ra Dy, La (Baton Cs, Lacy ,
te Puts feet ree Ketone foe fase!

; nabs. ‘Fim moe he t@ Fiaterah peor

NOVEMBER 6, 1622 119

divers petitions presented to this Courte were referred to y* sayd
Committee. [73]

And whereas the former Comittee had considered and deliuered their
opinions touchinge the petiéon and complaint of one Tho: Goldsmith
against 8" Geo: Yeardley for deteyninge his Sonne Arthur as his
Tennant: The Court Caused their order vpon the said Petiéon to be
sett downe in this manner vizt:

It hauinge bin approued vnto the Court by oath of two Wittnesses that
the frend¢ of Arthur Goldsmith haue for the settinge fourth of him
and mainetayninge him since disbursed to the value of 40" as by a Bill
of the pticulers exhibited appeareth, and further that by his frende
he was put to S* Geo: Yeardley for three yeares and no longer do
therefore iudge that what Contract soeuer the said younge man may
haue since made with S* Geo: Yeardley without the approbaéon of his
frend¢ (touchinge seruinge him as a Tenant or ffearmo’) ought to be
voide and of none effect and accordingly order, that imediately vpon
the receipt hereof the said Arthur Goldsmith be discharged from the
seruice of S* George Yeardley and sett free, to be disposed of, accord -
inge as his frend shall thinke fitt: Prouided ahyreyes that if S' Geo:
Yeardley vpon this newe Contract shall haue deliuered him any Stocke,
or haue bin at any charges with him, the said Stocke and charges
shalbe satisfied and repaid to the said S* Geo: Yeardley.

S‘ Iohn Dauers and some others beinge requested by the former Court
to entreat the Deane of Paules to preach the Sermon before the Com-
panie on Wedensday the i3” of Nouemb: did nowe make report that
the Deanes Answeare was verie fauourable and respectiue of the
Companie, and that hauinge acknowledged with many thanks that
courtesie they had donn him, by choosinge him to be of their Counsell,
hee seemed glad they had occasion to vse him in that kinde wherein
he was able to do them seruice and therevpon promised to be ready
at the time appointed to pforme their request, w™ gaue the Companie
very much content.

Capt: Iohn Martin presenting a petiéon to the Court for reformaéon
of his Patent in such thing¢ as should be founde to transcend the

120 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

lymittaéon of the King¢€ Letters Patents vnto the Companie or kev
hurtfull vnto the proceeding¢€ of the Colony was admonished to sur-
render it vp with all his defecte and exorbitances and take a newe w™
although he refused to do at the first, yet vpon a better bethinkinge
with himselfe, and the Companies faire [74] offer vnto him to graunt
him a newe Patent with as large and ample priuiledges as any other
Aduenturer w™ from time to time they had alwaies offered vnto him,
did at length freely and willingly deliuer vp the same in open Court
to be cancelled wherevpon order was giuen for drawinge vp a newe
Patent for him against the next Quarter Court.

Capt Bargraue herevpon tooke occasion to informe the Court that
Capt Martin had of late (contrary to due forme and to the great wronge
of the Companie) procured an order from the Right Hono”® the Lord
Keeper for sequestraéon of all his Cattle in Virginia; till the matter
in difference between them were decided w™ manner of proceedinge
for that it did verie much concerne the Companie, he praied the Court
would take it into their consideraéon; wherevpon Capt: Martin made
offer to referr the cause to any different men of the Companie, where-
vnto the other agreeinge, Capt: Martin chose 8’ Edw: Sackuill and
Capt Bargraue S8* Iohn Brooke whome after both pties had declared
themselues willinge to submitt to their award and iudgement, the
Court entreated to take some paines to heare and determine the differ-
ences between them.

fforsomuch as the Afternoone was nowe farr spent the Court was
ordered to be continued till all buissinesses were heard and ended.

M' Iohn ffarrar acquainted the Court that S' Arthur Ingram hauinge
sent for him told him, That the Lord Treasuror was desirous to knowe
the Companies resoluGon whither they would proceed in the Contract
intended with the Kinge accordinge to the Propositions agreed on in
their Quarter Court¢ Touching w*"S’ Arthur said he had onely onethinge
more for my Lord Treasuror to moue vnto the Companie Vizt: That
whereas in the former Propositions it was referred vnto a Comittee to
consider what sort€ of Spanish Tobacco should be brought into this

NOVEMBER 6, 1602 - = 121

Kingdome by the Companies his Ip: desired it might nowe be resolued
vpon to bringe in all of the best Varinaes w™ Propositions beinge
taken into consideraéon by the Court These obie@ons were made
against it vizt: That the graunt hereof skewld ||would|| dissolue the
frame of the Bargaine formerly proposed, first because it would make
an alteréaon in the prices and rat€ they were agreed to sett vpon the
Tobaeco that should be brought in, and consequently that it would
occasion the stealinge [75] in of much Spanish Tobacco, w™ by the
other meanes might be preuented, and lastly that it would much hinder
the sale of the Virginia Tobacco: Besid@ it was likewise doubted
whither so great a quantitie as 40000 waight of the best Varinas could
be had, seeinge it was more then was knowne to come of that sort into
Spayne in some one yeares, so that to be tyed to bringe in the former
quantitie could not but be verie inconvenient & preiudiciall vnto the
Companies: Wherevnto answeare was made, that the Companies
could not be tyed to pforme impossibilities, And besid€ the eight
Article of the Propositions did seeme to prouide against it, w™ beinge
read and aduised vpon, it was at length conceaued, that rather then
the bargaine should be dissolued the former Propositions should be
yealded vnto: And the rather because m’ John ffarrar did affirme that
S' Arthur did promise and protest, that this being graunted, there
should be no other exception or altera@on in the bargaine but should
proceed on accordingly in all point€ as was agreed by the Companie.

ffor the manner of yealdinge vnto it m* Wrote beinge desired to drawe
vp a forme did it in manner followinge

It is agreed that it shalbe signified to the Lo: Treasuror that the
Companies for Virginia and the Sufier ands, haue that affiance in
his lp’ noble fauo’ toward¢ them, that they are contentented to
yeald to his lp: Proposition of bringinge in of the best sort¢ of Span -
ish Tobacco to the quantitie of 40000 waight for the first two yeares
of the Contract intended as the markett in Spaine will yeald at such
times, as they buy the same, vules his lp: shall otherwise dispence
therewith for the Kings seruice and good of the Companies, w™

122 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Draft beinge presented to the Companie and read was well approued
of and ratified by the Court, And after this Court being dissolued
into a Somer Lands Court and the same againe proposed vnto that
Companie it was in like manner ratified and confirmed by them.

Vpon a moéon for a Patent for m* Iohn Palmer and his Associate for
a perticuler Planta@on vndertakinge to transport 49 100 psons The
Court gaue order for drawinge a Patent for him.

M’ Io: ffarrar passed ouer one of his shares of land of 100 acres in
Virginia to m*' Edmund Hun gent w™ was accordingly confirmed vuto

him. [76]

S' Henry Rich and the Lady Isabella his wife passed ouer fower
shares of land in Virginia to m* Henry Percy (the said Shares beinge
discended to the said Lady as the sole Daughter and heire of S* Wal-
ter Cope deceased) w™ Assignem‘ the Auditors hauinge allowed the
Court ratified and confirmed ||vnto the said Henry Piercy.||

M' Henry Reinolds likewise passed ouer two shares vnto his Nephew
m’ William Vesie of Graies Inn gent w™ beinge allowed by the Audi-
tors the Court also confirmed.

AN EXTRAORDINARY COURT HOLDEN
FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDENSDAY
THE 13™ or NovuEMB: i622

PRESENT

Right Hono” Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Wriothsly.
Lo: Cauendish.
Lo Padgett.
Lo: Lawarr.

NOVEMBER 18, 1698

S' Edw: Sackuill.
S' Tho: ffinch.

S' Edw: Sandys.
S' Bapt: Hicks.
S'* Io: Dauers.

S' Ro Killigrewe.
S' Bo: Worsly.

S* Io Wolstenholme.
8S’ Rog: Twisden.
S' ffr: Kenaston.
S' Io: Scudamore.

m’* Deputy.

m’ Do" Meddus.
m’ Jo ffarrar.
m’ Gibbs.

mm’ Wrote.

m* Wilmer.

m’ Zouch.

Do" Anthony.
m’ Bromefeild.
m’ Io: Smith.
m’ Risly.

m* Ro Smith.
m’ Elkin.

m’ Bland.

m’* Buil.

m’* Widdowes.
mn" Binge.

m’* Paulavicine.
m’ Struct.

m’ ffreake.

m” Roberte.
m* Pemble.

m’ Speckart.

m’ Swinhowe.

m* Hobbs.

m* Chetley.

m’* Wheat.

m* Newport.

m* Ewens.

m* Haruy.

m’* Coytmore.
with diuers others.

M’ Deputy brought vnto this Court in writinge the opinions of the
Coffittee touchinge the registringe of Passengers names that goe to
Virginia in Shipps sett out by priuate men and not by the Companie
the Coppie whereof is entred in the next Court begininge in these
worde

The Comittees &

W" beinge read the Court referred it to the Preparatiue Court to be
further considered of in respect the time was nowe farr spent and the
occasion of this great Assembly being purposely mett to goe to a Ser-
mon w™ was to be preached before the Company this Afternoon by

the Deane of Paules.

[77]

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

AT A PR#PARATIUE COURT HELD
FOR VIRGINIA ON MonpDaAy
THE 18 or NovEMB i622

Lo Cauendish.
Lo Padgett.

8' Ed: Sackuill. m’* Barbo’. m* Webbe.
S* Edwin Sandys. m* Roberté. m’* Cuffe.
S* Io: Brooke. m’ Morewood. Capt: Martin.
S' Ro: Killigrewe. m* Mellinge. m’* Baldwin.
S' Sam: Sandys. m* Caswell. m* Geo: Smith.
m‘ Deputy ffarrar. m’ Bromefeild. m’ ffoxten.
_ 1m" Gibbs. Capt: Bargraue. m* Balmeford.
m* Wrote. m'’ Meuerell. m’* Thomas.
m’ Jo: ffarrar. m'* Boothby. m* Barbo'.
m’ Binge. m* Jadwin. m’* Swinhow.
m* Challon’. m* Wood. m’* Hobbs.
m* Bennett. m’ Bolton.
m’ Newport. m’ Procter.
m’ Pruson.
with diuers others.

The Court beinge cheifely ordained for preparinge of buissines for the
Quarter Court to consider of there was first read the opinions of the
Comittee sette downe in writinge touchinge the Registringe of Pas-
sengers names that goe to Virginia in priuate Shipps the Coppie
whereof doth here ensue

The Committees fynde that there are very greate inconveniencys for want of
a perfect. Register of all mens names that goe to Virginia: ffirst the Companie
knoweth not what land is Due to men and euery Day vniust and false claimes
are put vp especially vpon pretences of beinge heires to persons that haue and
do transport thenselues freely.

NOVEMBER 18,109 © |. 125

Secondly ||when|] a reveiwe shalbe made in Virginia howe all men are possessed
of their land€ w™ wilbe most necessarie to be donn in reguard of the great
Disorder ||and lycentiousnes|| w*" men there vse in takinge out land and not due
to them it wilbe a matter of great trouble to all private Planters that come ||not|
in the Companies Shipps to proue that they came ouer at their owne charges,
and except they do, that it wilbe verie dangerous and vnsafe to the Companie
to make confirmaéon of land¢ to them w*" phapps others haue better right vuto.

Thirdly it is a thinge of marveylous great satisfacton to all men whose frends
goe to Virginia to vnderstand when and howe they went: and the contrary is
of exceedinge discontent and greife diuers psons cominge daylie from the far-
thest part€ of England to enquire of frends and Kindred gonn to Virginia &
because there is onely notice kep of them that goe in the Shipps vndertaken
by the Companie there can be no Account given of the others whereby ariseth
likewise a great disreputaton of y° Companie for want of iudgement and proui-
dence in their proceeding¢. [78]

ffourthly the aduantage of an vncontrolled goeinge doth invite many lewd and
wicked persons to robbe and steale from their frends Maisters C’ as hath bin
founde by some examples in those Shipps w™ the Company did not vndertake
verie much to the disreputaton of the Acton and on the contrary no such
thinge hath happned in those Shipps, that are sett forth by the Companie
wicked and infamous persons not daring to shewe themselues so much in the
light and yet on the contrary, it hath not bin any hinderance to any honest
minded persons who oppressed with pouerty and Debt¢ haue of necessity and
not wickedly bin constrained to goe.

ffor the redressinge of these and many other great inconveniences: The Comiit-
tees conceaue these remeadies.

first that it should be published and made knowne by a lawe and order that all
persons Desirous to goe to Virginia should giue vp their names to the Com-
panie and that no Maisters of Shipps should presume to carry any without
giuinge vp the name of the person to the Companie.

Secondly that for the receauinge of Passengers names there should be a per-
ticuler Officer appointed w™ they conceaue fittest to be y° Bookeeper who
should toward¢ the goeinge of euery Shippe attend two or three dayes in the
weeke at the howse where the Court¢ are kept to receaue the names of all such
persons as are to goe to Virginia.

The said Officer shall in a beeke booke register euery mans name age Coun-
try profession and kindred and likewise whither he goe at his owne charge
or other, ffor doeinge whereof he shall haue from the party such a ffee as the

126 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Quarter Court¢€ shall from time to time order him; And it beinge a smale
matter, it cannot but be gladly giuen of the party in reguard that it wilbe his
evidence for the settinge out of his land in Virginia.

The said Officer shall by euery Shippinge send a Coppie of all the psons names
as formerly registred vnto the Gouernor and Counsell of State and from
them shalbe yearely returned an Account what and howe the psons come in
euery Shippe haue bin disposed and bestowed, to the intent that their frend¢€
here vpon enquiry may receaue satisfacton.

The said Officer shall not reveale afore the Shippe be gonne the names of any
Passenger who shall desire to haue his name kept secrett, except that he
knowe him to be a malefactor, vnworthy to goe, and if any shall come to
enquire of any such person desiring to be kept secret the said Officer shall
demaund of those that enquire the reason of their enquiry and shall therewith
acquaint the Treasuror and followe such Direcéons as he shall receaue from
him either for the manifestinge or concealinge of the party.

ffor the Shipps that goe not from London but from other part¢ they thinke
fitt, the m™ should be bound by his Coffiission to returne vnto y® officer here at
London a list of the names as is formerly expressed to be registred here in
the Companies booke together with the ffee for the same, neither shall they
require therefore but one single fee.

W" orders beinge read were well liked of and referred to the Quart*
Court for confirmaéon. [79]

S’ Edward Sackuill acquainted the Court that Captaine Martin had
made greiuous complainte vnto him, that the newe Patent vpon the
resignaéon of his old ordered to be drawne was with such condiGons,
as he was not able to pforme, and verie much to his wronge and pre-
indice beinge abridged of a great quantitie of land that was due vnto
him, and namely that therein he was bound to carrie 100 men, w™ he
could haue no hope to doe by reason of his weake estate: To w™
Answeare was made that there was not intended a forfeiture of his
Patent if that condiéon were not performed to the full, but onely a
quantity of land proporéonable to the number of men w™ he should

carry.

ffor the second pointe Captaine Martin pretended he was cut short
and abridged of a great deale of land giuen him by his former Patent

NOVEMBER 18, 1622 127

w beinge called for and read it was found to be an vniust and vntrue
complaint for all the land giuen him in the former wasalso giuen him
in this newe Patent, But Capt: Martin pretended that whereas in the
first Patent there was giuen vuto him 10 Shares for the reward of his
great Seruices, as is there expressed, That euery one of those Shares
ought to be 500 acres of land and so there was due vuto him 5000
acres vpon that ground, for w™ he desired thet the Spott of land (as
he called it) wherein he formerly planted beinge about 6000 acres of
ground should be sett out vnto him: But the Court hauinge neuer
heard before of any such matter, and findinge it directly by the Kings’
Letters Patents, that a share should not be aboue 100 acres, would not
consent vnto Capt: Martins Demaund, As for giuinge him any land by
waye of gratuity havinge bin once recompenced to the full by the
iudgement of his best frend¢ (as by his Patent appeareth,) the Court
sawe no reasons to bestowe any newe fauo™ in this kinde vpon him,
consideringe that since that time he had donne nothinge of seruice to
the Colony of Virginia and here at home, had of late so wronged the
Company, as but that the Companie had a respect to theirowne hono’
in nobly passinge ouer iniuries, and se to some psons of hono* who
did interceed for him here, but they should haue thought and endeau-
oured to haue him punished and made an example: But yet he per-
sistinge in his opinion, the Court gaue him time till the Quarter to
make proufe that there was euer any such thinge ordered as that a
single share should be accounted 500 acres. [80]

S* Edwin Sandys signified that the Ea: of Southampton and himselfe
had lately bin with my Lo Treasuror, to moue his lp: that the Con-
tract intended with the Kinge might be brought to some conclusion
at this Quarter Court: Wherevpon it pleased his Ip: to promise to
send the Articles as they had bin formerly agreed on e#d signed with
his hand and with the addiéon onely of that Clause touchinge the
bringinge in of virinaes, so that St Edwin Said he expected they would
be brought in before the risinge of this Court.

Wherevpon m* Deputy tooke occasion to moue that seeinge the bar-
gaine was so like to goe forward accordinge to the condiéons agreed
on by both Companies that it was high time to thinke of the man-

128 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

aginge and ordered thereof, in reguard ||that|| all the Tobaceo from
the Sumer Iland¢ and a great quantitie from Virginia was like tocome
home before the next Quarter Court, and for taking order for bring-
inge home of the Spanish Tobacco, it was not without great preiudice
alreadie so longe delayed as had bin signified vnto him by diuers skill-
full Marchaunte, w* m’ Bennett beinge in the Court did likewise
affirme.

ffor the takinge therefore of these thing¢ into ||their|| consideraéon and
y° makinge some kinde of preparaéon against the Quarter Court, The
Court eppekited ||acquainted|| the Comittee hereafter chosen out of the
Companies the 5° Iunij last vizt

Ea: of Southampton.
S' Io: Brooke.

S* Edwin Sandys.

S' Iohn Dauers.

m* Nicho: ffarrar Dpf.
m’* Bennett.

m’ Io: Smith.

m’® Ro: Smith.

Lo Cauendish.

m’ Barnard y* elect Gou9no’.
m’* Io ffarrar Dpt.

mn‘ Caswell Ter.

m* Gibbs.

m’ Ditchfeild.

Lo: Padgett.
Lo: Haughton.

Courte

for the Virginia Companie

for the Sumer Iland¢ Companie

m* Mellinge.
m* m’ Meuerell.
m* Withers.

NOVEMBER 18, 1622 , 129

who were entreated to meet about it to morrowe in the merninge after -
noon |lat 3 of the clock|| at m* Deputy ffarrars hewse and afterward
at such time as they shall thinke most convenient, And the Court
further declared their mind¢€ and intent¢€ that since they could not
(w* they much desired) avoide the bringinge in of Spanish Tobacco
and that of the best Varinaes they thought it fitt both for the publique
good of the Plantaéons and Companie, and also in reguard it was likely
to be a matter of pfitt that it should be pformed, by the Brothers of
the Companie (who with their paines and purses haue vpheld the
Plantaéon) and not to admitt any Strangers into it (whereof it was.
conceaued many would be verie desirous) except such as should buy
eny fower shares of land of the Companie of 12" 10° the Share, a
course ||w*"|| vpon web the like occasion was held for the admittinge
men into the Sumer Iland¢ Companie, these thing€ beinge put to the
question were by erecéon of hand¢ confirmed.

After this was read the orders of the former Cofiittee touchinge the
Registringe of Contract€ between private men of the Company and
their Servante the Coppie whereof doth here ensue.

The Committees fynde many greate inconvenienci€ and Abuses in the Carri-
ing over of Servant¢ to Virginia vpon conditons and bargaines made by worde
of mouth onely.

ffirst diuers vngodly people that haue onely respect of their owne proffitt do
allure and entice younge and simple people to be at the whole charge of trans-
portinge themselues and yet for diuers yeares to binde themselues Servant€ to
them vpon hopes and promises of such rewards and recompence at the expira-
ton of their times as they are no waye able to performe, but because the
promise is onely made by worde of mouth and without wittnesse; at least of
any that do vnderstand the affaires of the Plantation they are bold to promise
many things whatsoever and in this kinde Diuers complaint€ haue come of late
of ffathers and others abused in settinge forth his Children and Kindred.

Secondly there comes Daylie complaint¢€ from Virginia of people that are kept
and Detained Servanté by their Maisters, longer then the time couenanted w™
because it was not expressed nor manifested by writinge the Maister as the
stronger party tak€ advantage to prolong as himselfe think€ good.

16456—vo. 2—06——9

130

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Thirdly whatsoeuer the condiGons haue bin here yet when the Servant is come
into Virginia if he cannot shewe the contrary in writinge the Maister mak¢
his seruice of the longest and hardest nature of seruice and either by faire or
fowle meanes the poore seruant is enticed or constrained there to enter coue-
nant¢ in writinge, & those such as he would haue here neuer haue yelded vnto,
and in this respect diuers Planters do pollitiquely forbeare from makinge
Couenant¢ here and reserues it to be Donn in Virginia.

And on the contrary as by this meanes the Servant€ are oppressed by those
Planters that carry them ouer: So likewise the Aduenturers here that send
ouer Servant¢ either without condiéons in writinge as many do, or vpon con-
ditons drawne by ordinary Scriueners who not vnderstandinge the different
nature of seruice there and here make confused and pplexed Couenant¢€ and
nothinge at all expressing [82] the true meaninge of the party wronged and
abused by the Servant sent ouer, who either pretend their time of seruice to
be shorter then indeed it is, or el€ challenge greater reward and wages then
was promised and generally Defiaund all such benifitt€ as the most aduantage-
able condigons of seruice that they can heare of enioyeth although there was
noe such thinge intended in their Contracts.

Nowe for the full redresse of these abuses and for preventinge and avoyding
that neither Servant€ be oppressed by vniust Maisters there nor Servants
§Maisters§ here wronged and abused by faithles servant€ there and to the
intent that all thing¢ beinge clearely and plainely expressed, iustice and right
may be had and performed on both part€: The Comittees Do thinke it fitt that
there should be lawe and order made that all men that shall send or carry
Servant€ or Tenant€ to Virginia should binde the said Tenant¢ or Servanté
vnto them by Couenant€ in writinge and that Coppies thereof should remayne
here in the Court.

To w™ intent they thinke fitt the Companie should make choise of some man
expert of these affaires of the Plantation and nature of the Acton who should
Drawe and engrosse all such Couenant€ accordinge to the heads presented vnto
him, and should see the sealinge and Deliuery of y® Couenanté by either party
and this Officer should send Coppies of all such Couenant¢’ to Virginia by
euery Shippe that goeth w should there by some Officer to that purpose
chosen be kept safe and orderly to the intent that vpon complaint of wronge
either §by§ M” or Servant right and Iustice might be donn to the party
greiued.

They thinke fitt likewise that the Comittee appointed for petitons should at
some certaine times consider and pervse these kinde of Contracts to y* intent
that if they shall finde any of vniust and vnchristian nature as oppressiue or

‘Written over the word ‘‘Contracté.’’

NOVEMBER 20, 1622 131

otherwise they may be dissanulled and made voide. They thinke likewise in
fauo’ and encouragement of poore people that goe Servant€ that such wages
and reward¢ as are promised them at the expiracon of their seruice should be
paid and Discharged by their Maisters to the full and that they should haue a
precedency of all other Debt€ whatsoeuer except those that are due vnto the
generall Companie.

They thinke fitt that the Officer for his Draweinge of these Contracts should
haue a reasonable fee proporconable to that w™ is paid here in London for
Contracts of the like kinde.

They conceaue that this cannot be any way greiuous vnto any man for the
thinge it self is of absolute necessity that the Couenant€ & condigons should be
expressed in writing & exceedinge benificiall to all that meane honestly and
that the Drawinge of them should be by an Officer chosen by the Companie
and not by any other, is the practise of all other Companies and Societies, and
in the Virginia Companie so much more necessarily to be practised by howe
much more it is their Duety to endeauo’ that all y° affaires and actons of the
Colony in Virginia should haue a dependancy vpon the Companie here and
thereby they may be more closely cymented vnto this State, and beside it
seemeth vnto y® Comittees a verie fitt ||that all!/ euidence pledable in Virginia
should either originally or at least by Attestaton be made Records of this
Court.

W" beinge read the Court did well like of referringe the eenfiemaéen
\|ratification|| of them, as also the appointinge of fitt Officers for this
buissines vnto the Quarter Court. [83]

AT A QUARTER COURT HELD FOR
VIRGINIA IN THE FORENOONE THE
20™ or NoUEMBER i622

PRESENT
m’™ Deputy. m’* Barbo’. m* Meuerell.
m’ Gibbs. m’ Delbridge. m* Bull.
m’ Io: ffarrar. m* Wheatley. Capt: Brewster.
m’ Sheppard. m* Mellinge. m’ Cuffe.
m’ Binge. m* Bennett. m* Webb.

m’ Steward. m’ Wiseman. with diuers others.

132 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Patent€ appointed to be drawne ypp against this Court were
read and compared and beinge found agreeable to former Presidente
were referred to the Afternoones Court for confirmaéon vizt

A Patent to m’ Iames Steward of Buckham in Scotland esq.

A Patent to Tho: Graues of Doublin in the Realme of Ireland gent.
A Patent to Capta: Sam: Mathewes.

A Patent to Christo: Leuett of Sherburne in the County of Dorsett
gent.

A Patent to Iohn Palmer gent.

A Patent to W™ Dilke of Clemente Inn in the County of Midd gent.
A Patent to ffran: Baldwin.

All w™ haue vndertaken to transport 100 psons a peece to Virginia.

M’ Deputy acquainted the Court that the moneyes for the Magazine
were nowe due, and certified them that himselfe and m™ Barbo' had
disbursed well neare 250" for settinge forth of the Shippwrighte w™
was to be repaid out of the said moneyes and that also he had dis-
bursed for the settinge forth of the people lately sent to Martins
Hundred aboue 100" w® was to be repaide from the Magazine. To
w™ Magazine about 3 yeares and a halfe agoe the Society of Martins
Hundred had paid in 80" to the intent there should be deliuered ten
kine in Virginia w™ were neuer delivered to their people, but sold by
m' Abraham Peirs the Capm9cht at i5" a Cowe and the proceed thereof
returned to the Account of the Magazine.

Hee further also acquainted them that m* Bull and m”* Caswell the
Treasuror had for the reliefe of the Colony in Virginia taken vp 200"
worth of meale vpon their Bill€ w* was to be satisfied them, out of
the moneyes of this Magazine: Diuers Brothers of the Company
hauinge in the last Roll of Subscription vnderwritt and promised to
aduenture these seuerall Somes that kat should be due to them vpon
the [84] diuision of these moneyes nowe due: Nowe in reguard that
these disbursment€ had bin made by himselfe, and others for the
seruice of the Companie here, and exceedingly for the aduancem‘ and
releife of the Plantaéons and Colony, Hee desired that the Court
would giue order to the Trers of the Magazine instantly to demaund

ale

nea

NOVEMBER 20, 16@@ + ~~ 133

paymente of the money accordinglie as was agreed, to the intent him-
selfe and others beinge satisfied |lof|| the moneyes due vnto them
(whereof at present he had verie great vse) might be encouraged and
thereby enhabled to doe the Companie seruice in the like kinde +pen
||then|| w™ nothinge was more needfull, in reguard that daylie there
was disbursement¢ to be made for the Companies publique affaires
w™ hardly himselfe or any other would be pswaded to doe, except they
should herein finde y*° Compa very carefull of their safties and satis-
factéon: And beinge further testified and approued vnto the Court
that the Bargaine and Contract was made with m' Essington to paye
at the daye precisely And also that although in the makinge of the
bargaine m‘ Essington had by worde of mouth promised to paye in
200" within a Month; yet neuertheles he would not do it except he
had allowance of 10" p Centii for the time he paide it in before, w™
accordingly the Treasurors were forced to bey ||giuel|: The Court
thought themselues the lessed to forbeare the money longer then the
daye, and beside that it es ||werel| a verie vniust and vnworthie
thinge in them, for to do m" Essington courtesie, to do so greate
wronge and discourtesie to m’ Deputy and others who had bin longe
out of their moneyes: wherefore it was ordered that the Treasurors
should the next daye after, demaund payment of m* Essington of the
moneyes due, and earnestly solicited the same: And in case that
within 14 dayes after it was denn due at the furthest they receaued it
not, they should then put the Bill of m™ Essington and his Partners
in suite, And this was so much the rather ordered because they were
informed by the Treasurors that m‘ Essington had some fowerteen
dayes or three week agoe told them that he was to stopp 400" for the
vse of S* Samuell Argall, in reguard that certaine Bille of Exchange
w he brought ouer w™ him from m’ Peirs, were not paid, but m’
Peirs kawinge ||being|| privately examimed about the matter, had dis-
couered that those bill€ beinge not paid here in England were sent
backe vnto him againe and that therevpon he had made satisfacton
for them to the full in Tobacco and brought it to the Account of the
Magazine as appeared fairely in his booke, w™ m’ Essington hauinge,
could not be ignorant of: Wherevpon the Treasuror m* Bull certified
the Court that that was but a Cauill, that since that m‘ Essington had

134 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

againe pretended that m*™ Alderman Iohnson would stopp some of the
moneyes for payment (as he said) of certaine Somes, for w™ he stood
[85] engaged for the Magazine Account and were yet vndischarged,
But this m‘ Bull the Treasuror made answeare (as he affirmed) that
if Alderm: Iohnson could sights |liustly|| claime any thinge of y*
Magazine he should be iustly paid; But as for Shippinge of any of
these moneyes he could not allowe it w™ were to be paid vnto him
and m* Caswell (the bill€ beinge made vnto them) and accordingly
m’ Essington was to resolue to doe: w™ Answeare the Court well liked
of and thought fitt.

And because the moneyes beinge paid in it wer fitt to knowe what
each man was to receaue and that the auccount should be fully and
perfectly audited, to the entent thereby that the great scandall and
imputaéon w™ lay vpon the Company e#é for this vnthriftie and per-
nitious enterprize, w* had somuch distasted the Colony in Virginia,
and yet exceedingly impaired the Estate of the Aduenturers here,
might either be altogether taken awaye or at least laid vpon them,
whoe did deserue it: It was by many moéoned that nowe at last they
might come to the true knowledge of the State and carriage of that
Magazine w™ was conceaued would be donn by an exact Survey and
audite aswell of the Account¢ kept here as of those brought home by
the Capemarchant as also by the pvsall of the Letters and Instructions
mutually giuen and returned on both pties, to w™ intent there were
nominated diuers Auditors vizt

m’ Bull. | mn’ Withers.
m’* Mellinge. - m* Caswell.
m’* Boothby. m’ Cuffe.

who were entreated out of hand to audite the Account, and to giue vp
vnuto the Court a Declaracon of the true State and carriage of that
buissines from the begininge vnto the present, But diuers of them
desiringe that m’ Deputy might be ioyned with them he excused him -
selfe in reguard of the multitude of important buissinesses that laye
vpon him; w" although they acknowledged to be so yet they would
not be satisfied except he would with the rest vndertake it, w™ in the
end he said vpon their comaund he was content to do, so that the

*,

NOVEMBER 20, 1622 135

Audite might be in such a manner as might indeed be really and
effectually performed, w™ was that all the booke, Letters and others
might be deliuered vp, to be pvsed by the Auditors at their leasure,
that therevpon they might make such proufe and examinaéons as they
should thinke good, as for the auditinge after the manner as formerly
hath bin, he proffessed he would haue no hand in it, knowinge very
well howe in a short and cursorie runninge ouer of book€ many errors
might passe greatly to the preiudice of the Stocke and in the end per-
happs to the discreditt of those who had allowed them. [86]

The Court seemed verie apprehensive of this matter, in reguard of
some fresh examples where the strict pvsall of Account¢ had brought
forth verie great proffitt vpon some Vndertakinge w™ heretofore vsed
to come forth with losse or verie litle benifitt not to be spoken of:
And therevpon it was by erecéon of bhand¢ ordered that m‘* Bull m’
Mellinge and m* Cuffe should desire of m’ Essington and m’ Peirs the
Capemarchant the seuerall Account¢ Letters and Instrucéons w™ if
they should not willingly doe * * *  |lalthough they sawe no rea-
son why|| they should not trust them (there beinge no possibility to
falsifie or alter any thinge) they were then to require them in the
Companies and Aduenturors name to giue them Coppies thereof, and
for the transcribinge, it was ordered the Magazine should allowe them
and this course beinge so iust and reasonable they conceaued the
Accountant€ would not be against, neither to denie it, nor to delaye
it, either of w™ thinge, if they should goe about to doe, the Court
professed and declared that they would therein seeke such remeady
as befitted them vpon so plaine wronge and abuse.

M’ Deputy acquainted the Court with a Noble Guift of the Lo: S* John
of Basinge (vizt) 60 Cote of Male w® for the defence of the Country
at the moéon of 8’ Iohn Dauers in the name of the Companie he sent
vp in August last and were sent in the Abigaile: The Court so kindly
accepted both of the Guift, and the manner, as they thought fitt, that
in their name verie harty thanke should be presented vnto his Hono’,
and vnderstandinge of the singular affecéon, w™ his lp: by his Letter
proffessed vnto the Plantation, they thought fitt to choose him of the
Counsell, and to bestowe on his lp: 10 Shares of land old Aduenture

136 . RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

w*" by erec@on of hand€ were confirmed hopinge that therevpon, he
would affoord them his presence and assistance here, and perhapps
the right to so much land might invite his Ip: to the perticuler plant-
inge of it, to the encrease and aduancement of the Colony.

And forsomuch as 8‘ Iohn Brooke besid¢ his auncient Aduenture, had
for a whole yeare frequented the Court€ and with his Counsell and
other meanes bin assistant in all the Companies buissinesses duringe
that time: The Court thought fitt to choose them of their Counsell
w™ by erecéon of hand¢ was confirmed.

M’ Deputy ||further|| acquainted the Company that m* George Ruggle
lately fellowe of Clare hall in Cambridge beinge a Brother of the
Company and newly deceased (w™ he said he could not without great
greife menéon) had by his will bequeathed 100" for the educaéon of
Infidell¢ Children w™ he had caused to be put *pp into the Table:
w™ the Court well approued of; but seemed (at least the most part)
to be vtterly ignorant of the person or qualities of the man: Where-
vpon desiringe to be informed of both; m* Deputy told them that he
was a man [8%] second to none in knowledge of all manner of
humanity, learninge, and was so generally reputed in the Vniuersity
of singuler honestie and integritie of life, sincere and zealous in
Religion, and of verie great wisdome and vnderstandinge: All w™
good part¢ he had for these last three yeares, wholly almost.spent and
exercised in Virginia buissinesses, hauinge (besid€ continually assist -
inge his Brothers and himselfe with Counsell and all manner of helpe
in their places) written sundrie treatises, for the benifitt of the Plan-
tation and in pticuler that worke so highly coffiended by 8' Edwin
Sandys, concerninge the Gouerm’ of Virginia but such was his mod -
estie that he would by no meanes suffer it to be knowne duringe his
life: But nowe beinge dead, m* Deputy said he could not with a good
conscience, depriue him of that Hono’ w™ he so duely deserued.

M’ Deputy moued the Court that whereas from his Ma“* and the
Lord¢ of his most Hono” Priuy Counsell the Companie had receaued
a graceous and fauourable Answeare touchinge the sendinge of 400
men out of the seuerall Sheires to Virginia in supplie of those that

NOVEMBER 20, 1622 137

perished by the Infidells that the prosecutinge and followinge of that
moéon might be recomended to the Hono” Lord¢ whose presence was
in the Afternoone expected w™ was thought verie seasexe’” necessarie
and ordered.

AT A GREAT AND GENERALL QUARTER
CouRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDENSDAY
IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 20™: TH OF NOUEMB"
1622

Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Padgett.

m* Tomlins.
Capt: Bargraue.

m’ Penistone.
m’ Widdowes.

S' Edw: Sackuill.
S' Edw: Sandys.

S' Iohn Brooke.

S' Rich: Lovelace.
8S’ Hen: Mildmay.
S’ Rob: Killigrue.
m’ Edw: Spencer.

m’ Nicho: ffarrar Dpf.

m’ Gibbs.

m’ Wrote.

m* Wilmer.
m‘ Bromefeild.
m’* Risley.
Do’ Gulstone.
m’ Jo: ffarrar.
m’ Porter.

m’ Io: Smith.
m’ Bland.

m’ Shepard.
m’* Cranmer.
m’* Binge.

m’ Derds.

Capt: Martin.
m’ Challon’.
m* Copeland.
m” Palmer.
m’ Scott.

m’ White.

m’ Bull.

m1’ Palavicine.
m’ ffoxten.
m’ Bennet.
m* Wiseman.
m’ Meverell.
m’ Stone.

mm’ Garrett.
m’* Delbridge.
m’™ Morewood.
m’ Peake.

m’ Barkham.

m* Bayham.
m'* Roberte.
m’* Martin.
m' Barbo’.
m’ Colt.

m’ Caswell.
m’ Harrison.
m* Newport.
m’' ffogge.
m‘ Rossingham.
m’ Procter.

m’ Sparrowe.
m’ Geo: Smith.
m’ Hobson.

m’ Bromefeild.
m’* Spruson.

m’ Addison.

m* Wheatley.
m’* Chetly.

with diuers others

138 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

After the readinge of the former Quarter Court, there was reade
the Preparatiue Court and y*® Court held this day in the morninge,
and the seauen Patent€ w™ were then compared and approued of as
also diuers other buissinesses proposed in the said Court€ were nowe
put to the question and by a generall erec@on of hand@ ratified and
confirmed.

The Ea: of Southampton acquainted the Court that he had that morn-
ing receaued from the Lord Treasuror by 8‘ Arthur Ingram certaine
pposigons (concerninge the Contract) w* St Arthur Ingram certified
by his letter that the Lord Treasuror would confirme and ratifie w™out
any further variagon at all, if the Companie would yeald therevnto.

The Proposiéons beinge read m‘* Deputy said that the difference of
them nowe sent from these formerly propounded by the Companie
was the cause that had solonge kept their tps in Counsell, and for the
differences (after an exact pervsall,) they found them to be these
(vizt:) that the 9* Article was left out, and two newe ones added w™
in these newe Propositions were the eight and Tenth Article, whereof
the first giuinge a Third yeare for the bringinge in of the 80000 w* of
Spanish Tobacco, in case it could not be conveniently donne in the
two first was by their tips and all the Counsell conceaued to be a
matter of advantage and benifitt, but the ||two]|| other were the thinge
that they were nowe to take into their consideraéon: ffor the first w™
was the 9" Article left out, concerninge the settinge of a rate and
price vpon the Tobacco aswell for the Companie as the Retaylors, S*
Edwin Sandys said that the Lo: Treasuror did therefore leaue it out,
because he-thevekt- ||it is thought|| needles at least the first part for
settinge a price vponn the Companies Tobacco it beinge in their power
to do what they would therein And for the rest that in case the price
should be stinted in the Proclamation, it would not be in the Com-
panies power afterward¢ to raise it w® hee esteemed might proue of
so great damage vnto them as if they knewe themselues they would
no waye desire it: Against this it was obiected that the restrayninge
of the imoderate prices of Tobacco by stintinge it at a reasonable rate
would be of great reputaGéon tothe Companie; inreguard that thereby

’

NOVEMBER 20, 1622 me 139

men should not haue the occasion so much as to wast their estate:
and further, that by stintinge it at a reasonable price, would cause
that men would not so boldly adventure to steale it in, when the dan-
ger and hazard was so great if they were taken, and the gaine could
not be great though they escaped: And this the Companie Comittee
in their first consultaGons, had conceaued to be one of the mayne
Stopps and barr to keepe out Spanish Tobacco: To w™ it was replied
that the prices could not be so lowe stinted, but with such a largenes
as there would be lefte a verie great deale of aduantage to them, that |
could steale it in, wherefore that preuention would not in effect proue
of that waight as was conceaued: And for the first obiection, it was
said, that if the Companie from the first hand did sell at indifferent
rat€, it was impossible for the Retaylors, fer-theRetaylers any longe
time to sell at excessiue prices, for all men would after a short while
fetch it of the Companies as it were at the Wellhead, if they found
they were exacted vpon by the Retaylo™. [89]

It was moued by some that if it were not fitt the prices be stinted by
the Proclamation, yet it might be agreed, that the Companies should
haue a power to stint it from time to time as they pleased: but that
was generally adiudged to be a thinge contrary to all the rate of trad-
inge and of equity, and such as no Retaylers would deale with the
Companie vpon, for havinge the sole sale in their hand¢, it was in
their power to haue what they would of them, and if likewise it were
in their power afterward to sett their prices, it would be in their
handes at all times for their owne aduantage to vndoe them, neither
was this Proposition thought to be sufficiently qualified by a moéon
w™ some made, to restraine the alteraéon of prices to two sett times
of the yeare onely, wherefore after longe and serious debatinge of the
point, it was put to the question and by hand@ ordered, that that article
as the Lord Treasuror desired should be cleane lefte out.

ffor the second ProposiGon it was after much debate and reasoninge
thought to be soe dangerous as the Companies might noe waye there-
vnto agree, It beinge conceaued that estimaéon of the damage might
be so great as might vtterly vndoe the Companies, wherefore it was

140 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

thought most necessarie to desire a qualificaton of that Proposition
and to reduce the danger vnto some kinde of certainty if nothinge eles
could be obtained: To w™ intent the Ea: of Southampton was humbly
requested by the Court together with S* Edwin Sandys to treat with
the Lo: Treasuror thereabout and to bringe it to such forme as might
be tollerable; w™ if it could be obtayned in any reasonable sort, the
Companie seemed willinge to accept of it, And whereas nowe noth-
inge could be concluded, the Court did transmitt the power of it fully
ratifyinge and confirminge the bargaine and Contract vnto the Quar-
ter Court for the Sumer Iland¢€ to be held the Wedensday after;
wherevnto all the Aduenturers were likewise to be warned. And
although in this pointe, the letter of the }xwe lawe might in rigor
seeme somewhat violated, yet the necessity beinge duely considered,
and withall that the Sufier and¢ Companie is equally engaged in the
buissinesses and that all the perticuler Members thereof are of the
Companie of Virginia; It was not thought or adiudged any vniustice
or wronge by waye of consequence to conclude in a Sumer Mande
Quarter Court the bargaine for the Virginia Companie, no more then
it was for the Sumer and¢€ Companie to be included by waye of
anticipaéon in the bargaine, that was at the last Virginia Quarter
Court passed for both, and further it was ordered that a Virginia Court
should be warned |lin|| on ffriday beinge the Preparatiue Court for
the Suffier Ilands, ||and|| therein to take such further resoluGon as
should be thought fitt.

Capt: Martin moued the Court that for somuch as they would not
graunt him that proporéon of land w™ he pretended to be due vnto
him (w™ he said ought to be 500 acres for a share) they would rede-
liuer vnto him his old Patent, The Court blaminge him much for his
impertinences and obstinacy gaue him for his last and resolute
Answeare that if he would accept of such a Patent as they could
graunt, he should haue it with as [90] ample priuiledges as had bin
graunted to the Ha: of Southampton or any other Aduenturer what-
soeuer: But for his old Patent, it could not be redeliuered vnto him
beinge voide not somuch by his last resignaéon, as by the Graunt it
selfe.

NOVEMBER 22, 1622 . Mi

It was ordered that the Bookeep should haue the registringe of Pas-
sengers names that goes to Virginia as also of the Contract€ between
Masters and Seruante¢ that are sent thither.

M’* Wrote moued, that in respect the Companies Suite with m' Wye
hath nowe almost three yeares depended in the Admiralty, and heand
m* Berblocke hauinge followed it with meh ||all|| care and diligence,
and yet can haue no end of it that the Companie would thinke vpon
some course that it might come to a Conclusion: Wherevpon the
Court were humble Suitors vnto the Lo: Cauendish that he would in
the Companies name moue the Iudge for a finall end this Terme.’

tr || Pree | Cope seep ee ee ee eH te
tte ietthey pe tte hee a

||At a CoUuRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON
ffripay THE 22° or Novurms. 1622.
BEING THE SuMER [LAND€ PREPARATIVE
Court DAY.

PRESENT

y® Right hon™ || Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Padgett.
S’ Edw: Sackuill.
S* Iohn Dauers.
S* Io: Brooke.
S* Edwin Sandys.

!'The decree given in December is referred to in List of Records, No. 379, Vol. I, page 161, ante.

142 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’ Io: ffarrar. m’ Paulavicine. m’ Webbe.
m’ Nich? ffarrar Dpt. m’ Widdowes. m* Iadwin.
m' Gibbs m‘ Wrote. mm’ Nicholle. m* Seaward.
m’” Bromefeild. m* Meuerell. m’ Bolton.
m’ Wrote. m’ Roberte. m'’ Cuffe.
m’ Binge. m’ Baynham. m”™ Hackett.
m* Rogers. m’* Etheridge. m’ Harris.
m’* Io: Smith. m* m* Mellinge. m’* Copland.
m’* Ro: Smith. m’* Edwarde. m’ Withers.
m’ Berblocke. m’ Geo: Smith. m’ Tomlins.
m’ Ditchfeld. m* Sparrowe. with diuers others.
m* Caswell. m’* Newport.

m’ Swinhowe. m'’ Harrison.

This daye beinge the Preparatiue Court for the Sufer Dands; after
that the Sumer Nande Court had passed all the perticuler buissinesses
that were to be considered of and come to the great matter, the Con-
tract with his [91] Ma‘* they thinkinge it most convenient to receaue
the informaéon of what the Ea: of Southampton and 8" Edwin San-
dys had donne concerninge the qualificaéon of the Proposition referred
vnto them by the Virginia Quarter Court from them as in a Virginia
Court desired that the Sufier [ande Court beinge suspended a Vir-
ginia Court might begin w™ accordingly was donn, the Ea: of South-
ampton takinge the Chaire.

And after a recapitulaéon of all that had passed the Quarter Court,
he presented ||the|| eight Propositions qualified in manner followinge

And it is desired that an indifferent Couenant be drawne vp by his
Ma” learned Counsell and the Counsell for Virginia and the Sumer
llands, that in case an extraordinary charge shall haue bin laid
vpon the said Varinaes Tobacco by the State of Spayne since the
feast of St Michaell the Archangel] last past (beinge the time simee
§whence§ this Contract is to haue begininge) or hereafter shalbe laid
duringe the time of three yeares from thence next ensuinge more then

NOVEMBER 22, 1622 143

was at the said feast of S* Michaell last past in such cases the Com-
panies shalbe clearely discharged of their said Couenant of bringing in
of Spanish Tobacco from the time the said extraordinary charge
shalbe laide vntill it be reversed and after the reversinge thereof,
the quantity of the best varinaes Tobacco w™ shall then remayne
vnbrought in of the said fowerscore thousand waight shalbe brought
in within the compasse of the first three yeares w™ shalbe or haue
bin cleare from the said extraordinary charge to be computed from
the bringinge of this Contract, and in case there appeare any prac-
tise by the ||sd|] Merchante of Spayne or others by meanes whereof
the said Companies cannot make their Prouisions of the said quanti-
tie of the best varinaes Tobacco as they haue agreed vnto but to their
excessiue charge; In such case the Companies not to be pressed vpon
the said Couenant in extreamity, but to make his Ma such satisfacéon
as shalbe iust and conscionable, but if by the practise end fraude, or
negligence of the said Companies their facto” or Deputies the said
quantitie of 80000 waight of the best Varinaes Tobacco shall not be
imported within the compasse of the said first three yeares, then the
said Companies shalbe answeareable to his Ma‘ for euery pound
waight so wantinge of the said Varinaes Tobacco belonginge to his
Ma” Third after the rate of 10°, the pound waight.

W beinge read the Ea: of Southampton acquainted them that
although the word€ were drawne vp by S' Edwin Sandys yet it was
directly accordinge to their agreement with my Lo: Treasuror and
that his lp: gaue them order so to sett it downe, and that (he said)
was all and the best that they could obtaine, wherefore he willed the
Companie would deliver their minde freely whither they would in this
manner accept of the bargaine or noe: Wherevpon although there
were some fewe exceptions taken at it, yet in the end the Court
seemed to conceaue a necessity in concludinge the Bargaine for the
Mainetenance and vpholdinge of the Plantation and that hauinge
yealded to so many thingé certainely preiudiciall +e—hize||vnto them]|
in matter of proffitt it were not wisedome nowe to breake vpon feare of
vueertaine dangers w* they might easily (by God¢ blessinge) through
good care and preff prouidence ouercome: wherefore esteeminge

144 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

of this bargaine [92] (as they were aduised by a noble and Hono™
person) not as good meat well saweed but of a poréon necessarie for
their health beinge willing (as his lp: said) deuorare molestiam of
this bitter pill, they desired the Ea: of Southampton to put it to the
question: Wherevpon the Article by erec@on of hand¢ was confirmed
\|and approued|| accordingly as it was read: After, efBar w™ his
Ip: said, that since nowe they were in such liklyhood to conelude
the bargaine, himselfe and the rest of the Lord¢ together with the
Counsell and Comittee w™ had mett vpon Tuesday before the Quarter
Court, thought it most requisite to nominate some of the principall
Officers who were to haue the orderinge and managing of this buissi-
nes: w™ beinge well chosen both for sufficiency and integrity, would
giue much encouragement and content to both the Companies and
Collonies and all others that had interest in this buissines, Herevpon
the Lord Cauendish acquainted the Court that the Committee thought
that there was to be one chiefe man to gouerne and direct all, and that
next vnder him, there should be a Deputy and then a Treasurer and
next them 8: Cofhittees at the least besid¢ the Officers as for the places
of Deputy and Treasuror although they were two distinct places and
Offices, yet because they were afraide this yeare not to be able to
raise such a sufficiencie of meanes as might be a iust reward to two
such psons as were requisite for the pformance of those seuerall places
they thought it best to vnite them for this yeare and that the Treas-
uror beside the charge of that office should likewise be the Deputy to
the Directo", w™ ||course|| the Court seemed well to like of and there-
vpon nominated S* Edwin Sandys for Directo’, who very earnestly
besought them to spare him, beinge vnexperienced in matter of mar-
chandizinge and tradinge, of both w™ that Officer would require exact
knowledge, besid€ he could not continually reside in Towne havinge
a great family in the Country, and began nowe as he grewe old to waxe
weake, and therefore purposed rather to withdrawe himselfe from
buissinesses of the world then to engage himselfe further, But the
Court not satisfied with his reasons earnestly pressed him (and in per-
ticuler the Ea: of Southampton and the other Lord) not to refuse
the place wherein he might do soe singuler seruice vnto the Planta-
éon, the whole welfare of which did almost depend vpon the good

NOVEMBER 22, 1622 145

managinge of this buissines, wherevpon by a generall vote of the
Court it beinge put to the question he was nominated to stand in elec-
éon for that place at the Quarter Court.

Next the Court proceeded to the nominaéon of a Treasuror, for w™
proposinge m* Iohn ffarrar he desired the Companie to consider what
a burden of buissines they had already laid vpon him w™ had made
him to neglect his owne priuate estate, for almost these fower yeares
together: All w™ although the Court acknowledged yet they held him
so fitt a man for that buissines |las|| that they would propose no other |
to be Treasuror, and therevpon beinge put to the question, he was by
a generall erec@on of hand€ nominated to stand in elecéon for the
place of Treasuror, wherevnto at last he submitted himselfe As for
the nominatinge of the Comiittees and other Officers with the Salaries
the Ea: of Southampton thought it most fitt to leaue it to the con-
sideraéon of the Quarter Court on the next Wedensday. [93]

S' Iohn Brooke moued that in reguard Captaine Martin went away
from the last Court so ill satisfied in his buissines, and had therevpon
not spared to wronge some worthie Members of this Companie verie
well deservinge with his clamerous report¢, in such a manner as if
himselfe had bin so vsed he would neuer haue come to the Court¢
againe without weparaéen |ireparation||, that therefore there might
be a meetinge on purpose to heare what he could saye for him-
selfe, at w™ meetinge he wished the m’ of the Rolle (vnto whome he
was allied) might be also entreated to ||be|| present: Wherevpon it
was ordered that m* Deputy should giue notice to the M’ of the Rolle
that the Companie would be ready to attend his Hono’ about Capt:
Martin, whensoeuer it should please him to appointe a meetinge.

A request was made in the behalfe of one Iohn Waller an auncient
Planter in Virginia that forasmuch as he paid in to S* Tho: Smith
30" in Ianuary i606 as appeared by a Note vnder 8‘ Tho: Smiths hand
(nowe presented in Court) that therefore the Companie would please
to graunt him a ratable proporéon of land for his said aduenture, as
also reforme the Printed booke, where he |lis|| acknowledged to haue

16456—voL, 2—06——10

136 . RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

w*" by erec@on of hand€ were confirmed hopinge that therevpon, he
would affoord them his presence and assistance here, and perhapps
the right to so much land might invite his lp: to the perticuler plant-
inge of it, to the encrease and aduancement of the Colony.

And forsomuch as 8‘ Iohn Brooke besid¢ his auncient Aduenture, had
for a whole yeare frequented the Court€ and with his Counsell and
other meanes bin assistant in all the Companies buissinesses duringe
that time: The Court thought fitt to choose them of their Counsell
w™ by erecéon of hand¢ was confirmed.

M’ Deputy ||further|| acquainted the Company that m™ George Ruggle
lately fellowe of Clare hall in Cambridge beinge a Brother of the
Company and newly deceased (w™ he said he could not without great
greife menéon) had by his will bequeathed 100" for the educaéon of
Infidelle Children w™ he had caused to be put *pp into the Table:
w™ the Court well approued of; but seemed (at least the most part)
to be vtterly ignorant of the person or qualities of the man: Where-
vpon desiringe to be informed of both; m‘ Deputy told them that he
was a man [8%] second to none in knowledge of all manner of
humanity, learninge, and was so generally reputed in the Vniuersity
of singuler honestie and integritie of life, sincere and zealous in
Religion, and of verie great wisdome and vnderstandinge: All w™
good part¢ he had for these last three yeares, wholly almost.spent and
exercised in Virginia buissinesses, hauinge (besid€ continually assist -
inge his Brothers and himselfe with Counsell and all manner of helpe
in their places) written sundrie treatises, for the benifitt of the Plan-
tation and in pticuler that worke so highly coffiended by S8' Edwin
Sandys, concerninge the Gouerm' of Virginia but such was his mod -
estie that he would by no meanes suffer it to be knowne duringe his
life: But nowe beinge dead, m* Deputy said he could not with a good
conscience, depriue him of that Hono’ w™ he so duely deserued.

M’ Deputy moued the Court that whereas from his Ma“* and the
Lord¢ of his most Hono” Priuy Counsell the Companie had receaued
a graceous and fauourable Answeare touchinge the sendinge of 400
men out of the seuerall Sheires to Virginia in supplie of those that

NOVEMBER 20, 1622 137

perished by the Infidells that the prosecutinge and followinge of that
moéon might be recomended to the Hono” Lord¢ whose presence was
in the Afternoone expected w™ was thought verie seasexe’” necessarie
and ordered.

AT A GREAT AND GENERALL QUARTER
CouRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDENSDAY
IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 20™: TH OF NOUEMB"
1622

Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Padgett.

m* Tomlins.
Capt: Bargraue.

S' Edw: Sackuill.
S' Edw: Sandys.

m’ Penistone.
m’ Widdowes.

S' Iohn Brooke.

S’ Rich: Lovelace.
8S’ Hen: Mildmay.
S' Rob: Killigrue.
m’ Edw: Spencer.

m’ Nicho: ffarrar Dpf.

m’ Gibbs.

m’ Wrote.

m’ Wilmer.
m’‘ Bromefeild.
m’* Risley.
Do’ Gulstone.
m’ Jo: ffarrar.
m’ Porter.

m’ Io: Smith.
m’ Bland.

m’ Shepard.
m’* Cranmer.
m’ Binge.

m’ Derds.

Capt: Martin.
m’ Challon’.
m* Copeland.
m* Palmer.
m’ Scott.

m’ White.

m’ Bull.

m1 Palavicine.
m’ ffoxten.
m’ Bennet.
m’ Wiseman.
m’ Meuerell.
m’ Stone.

mn’ Garrett.
m’* Delbridge.
m’™ Morewood.
m’ Peake.

m’ Barkham.

m* Bayham.

m' Roberte.

m’* Martin.

m' Barbo’.

m’ Colt.

m’ Caswell.

m’ Harrison.

m* Newport.

m’ ffogge.

m‘ Rossingham.
m’ Procter.

m’* Sparrowe.
m’ Geo: Smith.
m’ Hobson.

m’ Bromefeild.
m’* Spruson.

m’ Addison.

m* Wheatley.
m’ Chetly.

with diuers others

138 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

After the readinge of the former Quarter Court, there was reade
the Preparatiue Court and y® Court held this day in the morninge,
and the seauen Patent€ w™ were then compared and approued of as
also diuers other buissinesses proposed in the said Court€ were nowe
put to the question and by a generall erec@on of handé ratified and
confirmed.

The Ea: of Southampton acquainted the Court that he had that morn-
ing receaued from the Lord Treasuror by 8‘ Arthur Ingram certaine
pposigons (concerninge the Contract) w* St Arthur Ingram certified
by his letter that the Lord Treasuror would confirme and ratifie w™out
any further variagon at all, if the Companie would yeald therevnto.

The Proposiéons beinge read m‘* Deputy said that the difference of
them nowe sent from these formerly propounded by the Companie
was the cause that had solonge kept their tps in Counsell, and for the
differences (after an exact pervsall,) they found them to be these
(vizt:) that the 9 Article was left out, and two newe ones added w™
in these newe Propositions were the eight and Tenth Article, whereof
the first giuinge a Third yeare for the bringinge in of the 80000 w* of
Spanish Tobacco, in case it could not be conveniently donne in the
two first was by their ttps and all the Counsell conceaued to be a
matter of advantage and benifitt, but the ||two|| other were the thinge
that they were nowe to take into their consideraéon: ffor the first w™
was the 9" Article left out, concerninge the settinge of a rate and
price vpon the Tobacco aswell for the Companie as the Retaylors, S*
Edwin Sandys said that the Lo: Treasuror did therefore leaue it out,
because he-thevekt+ ||it is thought|| needles at least the first part for
settinge a price vponn the Companies Tobacco it beinge in their power
to do what they would therein And for the rest that in case the price
should be stinted in the Proclamation, it would not be in the Com-
panies power afterward¢ to raise it w® hee esteemed might proue of
so great damage vnto them as if they knewe themselues they would
no waye desire it: Against this it was obiected that the restrayninge
of the imoderate prices of Tobacco by stintinge it at a reasonable rate
would be of great reputaGon tothe Companie; inreguard that thereby

itm &

'

NOVEMBER 20, 1622 — 139

men should not haue the occasion so much es to wast their estate:
and further, that by stintinge it at a reasonable price, would cause
that men would not so boldly adventure to steale it in, when the dan-
ger and hazard was so great if they were taken, and the gaine could
not be great though they escaped: And this the Companie Comittee
in their first consultaGons, had conceaued to be one of the mayne
Stopps and barr to keepe out Spanish Tobacco: To w™ it was replied
that the prices could not be so lowe stinted, but with such a largenes
as there would be lefte a verie great deale of aduantage to them, that |
could steale it in, wherefore that preuention would not in effect proue
of that waight as was conceaued: And for the first obiection, it was
said, that if the Companie from the first hand did sell at indifferent
rat€, it was impossible for the Retaylors, fertkeRetaylers any longe
time to sell at excessiue prices, for all men would after a short while
fetch it of the Companies as it were at the Wellhead, if they found
they were exacted vpon by the Retaylo™. [89]

It was moued by some that if it were not fitt the prices be stinted by
the Proclamation, yet it might be agreed, that the Companies should
haue a power to stint it from time to time as they pleased: but that
was generally adiudged to be a thinge contrary to all the rate¢ of trad-
inge and of equity, and such as no Retaylers would deale with the
Companie vpon, for havinge the sole sale in their hand¢, it was in
their power to haue what they would of them, and if likewise it were
in their power afterward to sett their prices, it would be in their
handes at all times for their owne aduantage to vndoe them, neither
was this Proposition thought to be sufficiently qualified by a moéon
w™ some made, to restraine the alteraéon of prices to two sett times
of the yeare onely, wherefore after longe and serious debatinge of the
point, it was put to the question and by hand@ ordered, that that article
as the Lord Treasuror desired should be cleane lefte out.

ffor the second ProposiGon it was after much debate and reasoninge
thought to be soe dangerous as the Companies might noe waye there-
vnto agree, It beinge conceaued that estimaéon of the damage might
be so great as might vtterly vndoe the Companies, wherefore it was

140 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

thought most necessarie to desire a qualificacon of that Proposition
and to reduce the danger vnto some kinde of certainty if nothinge eles
could be obtained: To w™ intent the Ea: of Southampton was humbly
requested by the Court together with St Edwin Sandys to treat with
the Lo: Treasuror thereabout and to bringe it to such forme as might
be tollerable; w™ if it could be obtayned in any reasonable sort, the
Companie seemed willinge to accept of it, And whereas nowe noth-
inge could be concluded, the Court did transmitt the power of it fully
ratifyinge and confirminge the bargaine and Contract vnto the Quar-
ter Court for the Sumer Lland¢ to be held the Wedensday after;
wherevnto all the Aduenturers were likewise to be warned. And
although in this pointe, the letter of the }xwe lawe might in rigor
seeme somewhat violated, yet the necessity beinge duely considered,
and withall that the Sufier and¢ Companie is equally engaged in the
buissinesses and that all the perticuler Members thereof are of the
Companie of Virginia; It was not thought or adiudged any vniustice
or wronge by waye of consequence to conclude in a Sumer Mande
Quarter Court the bargaine for the Virginia Companie, no more then
it was for the Sumer Dand¢€ Companie to be included by waye of
anticipagon in the bargaine, that was at the last Virginia Quarter
Court passed for both, and further it was ordered that a Virginia Court
should be warned |lin|| on ffriday beinge the Preparatiue Court for
the Sumffier Ilands, ||and|| therein to take such further resoluGon as
should be thought fitt.

Capt: Martin moued the Court that for somuch as they would not
graunt him that proporéon of land w™ he pretended to be due vnto
him (w™ he said ought to be 500 acres for a share) they would rede-
liuer vnto him his old Patent, The Court blaminge him much for his
impertinences and obstinacy gaue him for his last and resolute
Answeare that if he would accept of such a Patent as they could
graunt, he should haue it with as [90] ample priuiledges as had bin
graunted to the Ha: of Southampton or any other Aduenturer what-
soeuer: But for his old Patent, it could not be redeliuered vnto him
beinge voide not somuch by his last resignaéon, as by the Graunt it
selfe.

NOVEMBER 22, 1622 . iM

It was ordered that the Bookeep should haue the registringe of Pas-
sengers names that goes to Virginia as also of the Contract€ between
Masters and Seruante¢ that are sent thither.

M’* Wrote moued, that in respect the Companies Suite with m' Wye
hath nowe almost three yeares depended in the Admiralty, and heand
m* Berblocke hauinge followed it with meh ||all|| care and diligence,
and yet can haue no end of it that the Companie would thinke vpon
some course that it might come to a Conclusion: Wherevpon the
Court were humble Suitors vnto the Lo: Cauendish that he would in
the Companies name moue the ludge for a finall end this Terme.’

Are || Pree | Cope seep eR eee seer te
tte iether

||At a CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON
ffripay THE 22° or Novurms. 1622.
BEING THE SuMER [LAND€ PREPARATIVE
Court DAY.

PRESENT

y® Right hon™ || Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Padgett.
S’ Edw: Sackuill.
S* Iohn Dauers.
S* Io: Brooke.
S* Edwin Sandys.

!'The decree given in December is referred to in List of Records, No. 379, Vol. I, page 161, ante.

142 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’ Ilo: ffarrar. m' Paulavicine. m’ Webbe.
m’ Nich? ffarrar Dpt. m’* Widdowes. m’ Iadwin.
m' Gibbs m‘ Wrote. m’ Nicholle. m’ Seaward.
m’” Bromefeild. m’* Meuerell. m’ Bolton.
m’ Wrote. m’ Roberte. m’ Cuffe.
m’ Binge. m’ Baynham. m’™ Hackett.
m* Rogers. m’* Etheridge. m’ Harris.
m’* Io: Smith. m* m* Mellinge. m’* Copland.
m’ Ro: Smith. m’* Edwarde. m’ Withers.
m’ Berblocke. m’ Geo: Smith. m’ Tomlins.
m’* Ditchfeld. m* Sparrowe. with diuers others.
m* Caswell. m’* Newport.

m’ Swinhowe. m'’ Harrison.

This daye beinge the Preparatiue Court for the Sufer Dands; after
that the Sumer Nlande Court had passed all the perticuler buissinesses
that were to be considered of and come to the great matter, the Con-
tract with his [91] Ma‘* they thinkinge it most convenient to receaue
the informaéon of what the Ea: of Southampton and 8" Edwin San-
dys had donne concerninge the qualificaéon of the Proposition referred
vnto them by the Virginia Quarter Court from them as in a Virginia
Court desired that the Sumer Ilande Court beinge suspended a Vir-
ginia Court might begin w™ accordingly was donn, the Ea: of South-
ampton takinge the Chaire.

And after a recapitulaéon of all that had passed the Quarter Court,
he presented ||the|| eight Propositions qualified in manner followinge

And it is desired that an indifferent Couenant be drawne vp by his
Ma” learned Counsell and the Counsell for Virginia and the Sumer
llands, that in case an extraordinary charge shall haue bin laid
vpon the said Varinaes Tobacco by the State of Spayne since the
feast of St Michaell the Archangel] last past (beinge the time simee
§whence§ this Contract is to haue begininge) or hereafter shalbe laid
duringe the time of three yeares from thence next ensuinge more then

NOVEMBER 22, 1622 143

was at the said feast of 8S‘ Michaell last past in such cases the Com-
panies shalbe clearely discharged of their said Couenant of bringing in
of Spanish Tobacco from the time the said extraordinary charge
shalbe laide vntill it be reversed and after the reversinge thereof,
the quantity of the best varinaes Tobacco w™ shall then remayne
vnbrought in of the said fowerscore thousand waight shalbe brought
in within the compasse of the first three yeares w™ shalbe or haue
bin cleare from the said extraordinary charge to be computed from
the bringinge of this Contract, and in case there appeare any prac-
tise by the ||sd|] Merchante of Spayne or others by meanes whereof
the said Companies cannot make their Prouisions of the said quanti-
tie of the best varinaes Tobacco as they haue agreed vnto but to their
excessiue charge; In such case the Companies not to be pressed vpon
the said Couenant in extreamity, but to make his Ma such satisfacéon
as shalbe iust and conscionable, but if by the practise end fraude, or
negligence of the said Companies their facto” or Deputies the said
quantitie of 80000 waight of the best Varinaes Tobacco shall not be
imported within the compasse of the said first three yeares, then the
said Companies shalbe answeareable to his Ma“ for euery pound
waight so wantinge of the said Varinaes Tobacco belonginge to his
Ma” Third after the rate of 10°, the pound waight.

W beinge read the Ea: of Southampton acquainted them that
although the word€ were drawne vp by S‘ Edwin Sandys yet it was
directly accordinge to their agreement with my Lo: Treasuror and
that his lp: gaue them order so to sett it downe, and that (he said)
was all and the best that they could obtaine, wherefore he willed the
Companie would deliuer their minde freely whither they would in this
manner accept of the bargaine or noe: Wherevpon although there
were some fewe exceptions taken at it, yet in the end the Court
seemed to conceaue a necessity in concludinge the Bargaine for the
Mainetenance and vpholdinge of the Plantation and that hauinge
yealded to so many thingeé certainely preiudiciall te—-hiva||vnto them||
in matter of proffitt it were not wisedome nowe to breake vpon feare of
vueertaine dangers w™ they might easily (by Gode¢ blessinge) through
good care and preff prouidence ouercome: wherefore esteeminge

144 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

of this bargaine [92] (as they were aduised by a noble and Hono™
person) not as good meat well saweed but of a poréon necessarie for
their health beinge willing (as his lp: said) deuorare molestiam of
this bitter pill, they desired the Ea: of Southampton to put it to the
question: Wherevpon the Article by erec@on of hand¢ was confirmed
\l|and approued|| accordingly as it was read: After, efBar w™ his
Ip: said, that since nowe they were in such liklyhood to conclude
the bargaine, himselfe and the rest of the Lord¢ together with the
Counsell and Comittee w™ had mett vpon Tuesday before the Quarter
Court, thought it most requisite to nominate some of the principall
Officers who were to haue the orderinge and managing of this buissi-
nes: w™ beinge well chosen both for sufficiency and integrity, would
giue much encouragement and content to both the Companies and
Collonies and all others that had interest in this buissines, Herevpon
the Lord Cauendish acquainted the Court that the Coffittee thought
that there was to be one chiefe man to gouerne and direct all, and that
next vnder him, there should be a Deputy and then a Treasurer and
next them 8: Cofittees at the least besid¢ the Officers as for the places
of Deputy and Treasuror although they were two distinct places and
Offices, yet because they were afraide this yeare not to be able to
raise such a sufficiencie of meanes as might be a iust reward to two
such psons as were requisite for the pformance of those seuerall places
they thought it best to vnite them for this yeare and that the Treas-
uror beside the charge of that office should likewise be the Deputy to
the Directo", w™ ||course|| the Court seemed well to like of and there-
vpon nominated S* Edwin Sandys for Directo’, who very earnestly
besought them to spare him, beinge vnexperienced in matter of mar-
chandizinge and tradinge, of both w™ that Officer would require exact
knowledge, besid€ he could not continually reside in Towne havinge
a great family in the Country, and began nowe as he grewe old to waxe
weake, and therefore purposed rather to withdrawe himselfe from
buissinesses of the world then to engage himselfe further, But the
Court not satisfied with his reasons earnestly pressed him (and in per-
ticuler the Ea: of Southampton and the other Lord) not to refuse
the place wherein he might do soe singuler seruice vnto the Planta-
éon, the whole welfare of which did almost depend vpon the good

NOVEMBER 22, 1622 145

managinge of this buissines, wherevpon by a generall vote of the
Court it beinge put to the question he was nominated to stand in elec-
éon for that place at the Quarter Court.

Next the Court proceeded to the nominaéon of a Treasuror, for w™
proposinge m* John ffarrar he desired the Companie to consider what
a burden of buissines they had already laid vpon him w™ had made
him to neglect his owne priuate estate, for almost these fower yeares
together: All w™ although the Court acknowledged yet they held him
so fitt a man for that buissines |las|| that they would propose no other |
to be Treasuror, and therevpon beinge put to the question, he was by
a generall erec@on of hand€ nominated to stand in elecéon for the
place of Treasuror, wherevnto at last he submitted himselfe As for
the nominatinge of the Comiittees and other Officers with the Salaries
the Ea: of Southampton thought it most fitt to leaue it to the con-
sideraéon of the Quarter Court on the next Wedensday. [93]

S' Iohn Brooke moued that in reguard Captaine Martin went away
from the last Court so ill satisfied in his buissines, and had therevpon
not spared to wronge some worthie Members of this Companie verie
well deservinge with his clamerous report¢, in such a manner as if
himselfe had bin so vsed he would neuer haue come to the Court¢
againe without veparraéen |lreparation||, that therefore there might
be a meetinge on purpose to heare what he could saye for him-
selfe, at w™ meetinge he wished the m’ of the Rolle (vnto whome he
was allied) might be also entreated to ||be|| present: Wherevpon it
was ordered that m* Deputy should giue notice to the M’ of the Rolle
that the Companie would be ready to attend his Hono’ about Capt:
Martin, whensoeuer it should please him to appointe a meetinge.

A request was made in the behalfe of one Iohn Waller an auncient
Planter in Virginia that forasmuch as he paid in to S' Tho: Smith
30" in Ianuary i606 as appeared by a Note vnder 8‘ Tho: Smiths hand
(nowe presented in Court) that therefore the Companie would please
to graunt him a ratable proporéon of land for his said aduenture, as
also reforme the Printed booke, where he |lis|| acknowledged to haue

16456—voL, 2—06——10

146 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

paid only 5" Wherevpon it was ordered that the Secretary should
repaire to S' Tho: Smith and shewe him the said Note, w® if S* Tho:
did acknowledge to be his hand, he should be allowed the proporéon
of land due vnto him for his said money and be also rectified in the
Booke.

AN EXTRAORDINARY COURT HELD FOR
VIRGINIA ON WEDENSDAY IN THE
AFTERNOONE THE 27™ or NOUEMBER i622
BEINGE THE SuMER ILAND€ QUARTER CouURT

y° Right hon™|| Ea: of Southampton.

Lo: Cauendish.

Lo: Padgett.

Lo: Maynard.
S* Edw: Sackuill. m’* Barbo'. m* Couell.
S* Edwin Sandys. m* Caswell. m’ Kirby.
S* Iohn Dauers. m’ Bennett. m* Kd: Waterhowse.
S' Hen Mildmay. m* Wiseman. m* Seaward
S' Io: Brooke. m’* Mellinge. m’ Binge.
S' Ro: Killigrue. m’ Swinhowe. m’ Procter.
m’ Deputy. m* Meuerell. m’ ffreake.
m’ Gibbs. m* Winne. m’* Buckeridge.
m’ Bromefeild. m’ Widdowes. m’ Lake.
m’ Steward. m* Baynham. m* Hackett.
m’* Wilmer. m’* Phesie. m’ Paulson.
Capt: Bargraue. m’ Viner. m’ Birkett.
Capt: Brewster. m’ Truloue. m' Hobbs.
m‘ Io: Smith. m’ Scott. m' Edwarde.
m’‘ Zouch. m™ Waterhowse. m’ Bland.
m’ Roberte¢. m” Gold. m’ Ditchfeild.
m’ Tomlins. m’* Coxe. m’ Rogers.

|| PRESENT

NOVEMBER 27, 1692 147

m’ Io: ffarrar. m’* Delbridge. m* Stone.

m’ Mole. m’ Elkington. m’ Harrison.

m* Whitly. m’ Ley. m* Woode.
m’ Sparrowe. m’ Lilly.

m’ Barker.

m’ Rossingham.
m* Lambe.

m’ Taylor.

m’ ffelgate.

m’* Leuer.

m* Webbe.

m’* Roberte.

m’ Woodall.

m’ Baldwin.

mm’ Browne.

m’ Cuffe.

with diuers others. [94]

This day was held the Quarter Court for the Sumer who beinge come
to the great buissines of the Contract, it was moued by the Lo: Cau-
endish that the propoundinge debatinge and passinge of all those
thinge concerninge the matter reserued for that daye might be first
ordered and pformed in a Virginia Court w® was thought verie fitt
and therevpon the Ea: of Southampton tooke the chaire, and because
it was somewhat late, he put the continuance of the Court after 6: of
the Clocke to the question w™ was by erecéon of handeé ratified.

His Ip: then signified vnto them, that accordinge to the request of the
Quarter Court himselfe and St Edwin Sandys had obtayned of the
Lord Treasuror a qualificaéon of the 8: Proposition ; w™ was the onely
thinge left vnconcluded by the Virginia Companie, w™ qualificaéon
havinge bin presented to the Preparatiue Court for the Sumer Dlands
and approued by them and likewise well approued of by the Virginia
Court held the same daye; he had caused the Propositions agreed
vpon to be presented to the Lord Treasuror, who had signed them

148 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

with his hand w™ his lp: shewed vnto the Court without any manner
of alteraéon in any thinge from that w™ the Court desired onely hau-
inge strooke out certen word¢ in the seauéth ||Article|| for some rea-
sons as his lp: by his letter signified no waye importinge the Com-
panie nor the Contract, w® word¢ the Court adiudginge not to be
materiall nor of moment thought fitt therein to giue the Lord Treas-
uror satisfacéon and the rather because the Lord Treasuror (as the
Ea: of Southampton shewed them) had so willingly let the worde
(Receaued) stand, w™ the Companie had enterlyned after the worde
(proffitt) in the sixt Article for the better clearinge of the doubt they
then made about it.

Herevpon after some pause, the Court seeminge all well satisfied and
contented and no obiecéon or scruple beinge made by any, the Ea: of
Southampton said, that if they so desired, he would put both the eight
Proposition as it was qualified and the whole Bargaine to the question
w™ the Court generally desired, and therevpon his lp: puttinge both
to the question, the eight Article (as it was qualified) and the whole
bargaine the same was ratified and confirmed with an vnanimous con -
sent by a generall erecGon of hand¢ no one dissentinge.

This beinge denne ||passed|| the Ea: of Southampton said that since
they had nowe concluded the Contract they were to take order for the
good execuGon and performance thereof by the choise of able and
faithfull Officers to manage the buissines with Salaries proporéonable
in some measure for their paines ||and|| by setlinge the whole buissines
in a good course and frame, espeacially the bringinge in of the Span-
ish Tobacco a pointe of great importance, and w™ might not be delayed,
nor could be concluded vpon, except on this daye w™ was the Quarter
Court for the Sumer Iland¢ and had also the power of the Quarter
Court for Virginia, Concerninge these thingg, his lp: said, that himselfe
together with the Lord¢ then present, and the Counsell beinge assisted
by the Comittee had spent all Tuseday both forenoone and afternoone
in consultaéon and consideraéon of these point¢ and their iudgment¢
and opinions herein he would [95] nowe deliuer vnto the Court
desiringe them likewise freely to deliuer their iudgemente¢ and opin-

NOVEMBER 27, 1692 - } 149

ions either for the approbaéon or otherwise of what he should nowe
propound vnto them, w™ he said himselfe the Counsell and Comittees
had taken into their consideraGons not with intent to conclude any-
thinge nor to preiudice the Court¢, but |lonly|| the better to prepare
the buissinesses for them esteeminge themselues as his lp: said as
Servante of the Court.

ffor the first therefore his Ip: said, that accordingly as was propounded
formerly and in the Preparatiue Court, they conceaued there was to
be one principall Officers by the name of a Director vypon whome the
whole successe of the buissines almost depended.

Next vnto him was to be the Deputy, for without one it was impos-
sible that the Director should be able to vndergoe all those buissi-
nesses, that should be requisite to this ||w™|| office they conceaued there
did belonge an extraordinary deale of paines and noe smale sufficiency.

The third officer was the Treasuror for keepinge of the Cash, then they
conceaued it necessarie to haue at the least eight CoMittees for the
sellinge and disposinge of their Tobaccoes, and for the assistinge of
the Director with their Counsell¢ and helpes in the seuerall part¢ and
Acéons of the buissines, w™ were verie many and exceedinge waightie
and important. .

Next a Bookeeper for keepinge of Account€ a man of Skill and in-
dustrie.

They conceaued it likewise necessarie that there should be two Cash-
eires whereof one to be a verie sufficient and substantiall man, who
was to be continually resident in the Treasurie, the other a person of
fidelity for the receauinge and gatheringe in of moneyes here in Towne
or otherwise.

ffurther they eonees#ed ||thought|| it necessarie to haue aClarke at all
times to attend the Comittees and to be continually at the Directors
hand, who should haue howerly vse of such a one, wherefore they
thought fitt, he should be the Directors howshold Servant.

150 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

They conceaued it likewise most necessary to allowe the Deputy a
Clarke to whose place there would belonge an exceedinge great deale
of writinge.

It was also conceaued fitt to haue a Solicito’ for followinge of Suite of
lawe many whereof were like to arise.

ffor takinge vp and receauinge of goodes, there was likewise to be a
Husband to whome (with the allowance of one vnder him) the Cus-
todie of the Warehowse should be comitted.

It was thought also most necessarie to haue a Beadle.

Other inferior Officers, his lp: said the Comittee thought not fitt to
meddle with, but (beinge thinge of smale moment) to leaue the con-
sideraéon of them to the Directo" and Committees and the choise of
them to ordinary Court¢e. [96]

And for the meetinge of all these Officers and psens pformance of
their seuerall places and Offices, his lp: said-it was thought absolute
necessary that the Companie should take a howse.

These his lp: said were the Offices w™ the Councell and Comittees
thought necessary for the pforminge and executinge of this buissines
and of whome they conceaued it necessarie to make a choise at this
Court, desiringe the Court€ iudgement and opinion therein and withall
acquaint them, that although the places of Deputy and Treasuror were
two distinct Offices in themselues and would require therefore two
persons, yet after a serious consideraéon thereabout (desirous to hus-
band the expences to the best this yeare) they conceaued it best,
(accordinge to the resoluéon of the Preparatiue Court) to ioyne them
both in one.

The Court after some pause and deliberaéon seeme verie well to like
and approue of the thing¢ w™ his lp: had propounded without excep-
tion or alteraéon of any thinge.

Wherevpon his lp: seeinge them satisfied in these thing€ said he
would proceed and declare vnto them what Sallaries and reward¢ were

NOVEMBER 87, 1622 ‘ 151

by himselfe and the rest vpon mature deliberatéon thought some
thinge proporéonable vnto the paines and charge that the Officers
before menéoned were to take,

He said that first they conceaued the Directo’ would

_ as
@eseruc veriowyell thisvyeare ..... 22sec ccc cee eeeees -

The Treasuror who is to supplie the place of Deputy for

CE ee 400" — —
The eight Comittees 50" a peece ........ rem. 400"

— Se eer al

"Tie Clarke for the Cofffittess..............000% esecess fae

To two Casheers and Clarke for the Deputy........... 150"
I RRs wn gan nr9 onanni9 9 di 30"

The Warehowskeeper who also might be the Husband
for the Companies, and in reguard of this addiéon of
wages should abate 20" of that Salary he had from them, } 60"
his paines in those places not beinge so great as it was
Wee to'We.......5.% Perr, Ses... Tee.

SIE er Le ee eee eee eee 30
Ms TTI" OMMCGTS. . ck ccc ccc cece ene cecels 140"!
ffor a howse and Warehowses ......ccccccssececcsevas 180

So that the charge of the howse and Officers amounts | 2000
ea

[97] w™ his Ip: said in their opinions was to be raised vpon the
Tobacco And further conceaued it fitt there should be 500" more
for |lall|| other extraordinary occasion w™ might arise, w™ if it were
not by consent and order of the Court€ expended for the advantage
and improuement of the price of Tobacco should be repaid againe to
euery man proporconably :

His Ip: said likewise that in raisinge of the charge it was conceaued
fitt by the Counsell and Comiittees and agreed vnto by diuers (who

1 The copyist first wrote 400, but struck out the 4 and altered the first cypher to an 8.

152 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

meant to be Aduenturers herein) that the Spanish Tobacco should
beare a double rate in charges to that of the Virginia and Sumer
Tland¢, w™ would be an extraordinary great ease and advantage vnto
the Plantacons So that howsoeuer this Some might seeme great of
2500" w** was to be gathered, yet consideringe that 500" was not to be
expended, except for the aduantage of the Companie and ef that of
the 2,000" remayning his Ma“° beare one Third, and the Spanish
Tobacco a proporéon double to the rest, they conceaued it to be noe
great burden: but such as in the aduancement of the price, by their
care and paines would be manifoldly repaid, As for the paines care
and charge of the Officers himself and all the rest of the Counsell
conceaued it would be farr aboue their Salaries and reward¢.

The Ea: of Southampton hauinge thus deliuered the matter, there
was a generall silence in the Court: Wherevpon after a longe pause,
his Ip: desired the Court, that they would freely speake their minde
concerninge these thing€an declare what and howe they would haue
them donn, sayings againe that himselfe and the Comittees had not
consulted and aduised of these thingé to conclude or determine any-
thinge, but onely as their Servant¢ to prepare them to their consider-
acon, in whome only was the power and authority to determine and
conclude matters: he therefore earnestly desired them without any
respect of himselfe or the rest (from whome these proposiéons came)
to declare their mindé¢ freely concerninge the pointe of the Salaries.

Herevpon m’ Robert Smith the VnderchaMberlen said he thought
there were diuers gentlemen and other sufficient men that for con-
science sake would doe the buissines for farr lesser rewarde.

To w™ St Edward Sackuill made Answeare, that for his part he did
thinke men bound in conscience to giue them whome they did imploye
some reasonable satisfacéon for their labo" and paines, And that he
would neuer wish that these kinde of buissinesses w™ concerned
mens proffitt should be donn without reward somethinge answeare-
able havinge found by experience that some that had for conscience
sake serued this Companie had for conscience sake vndonn it. [98]

NOVEMBER 27, 1622 153

The Ea: of Southampton said that m’ Robert Smith was a verie hon-
est man, and he thanked him for speakinge his minde freely desiringe
others would doe the like.

M’ Deputy said that although he might be thought interessed or par-
tiall to those two psons ¥#te §vpon§ whome the two great Salaries
w™ onely could be excepted against were like to fall, yet havinge
a single heart free from all priuate end¢, he durst affirme that the
rewarde were so farr short of the paines care end travell and charge
that they should vndergoe that but for conscience sake and the good
of y° Plantations neither would he pswade nor he was assured would —
they accept of the Offices: But m* Barker said that havinge followed
these Court€ many yeares he had neuer heard of so great Salaries, as
5 and 400" for an Office, but had heard of 500" and 1000" wantinge in
some Account by them who did buissinesses for nothinge.

M’ Ditchfeild said that this was like to be a hard yeare and of the
least proffitt, and because perhapps there would not be so great a
quantity of Tobacco brought in, there would be |lrequire the|| lesse
trouble and paines, and therefore he wished that the Salaries might
be easier.

To w™ the Ea: of Southampton made Answeare that for the first part
he was of his opinion that it would be a yeare of the least benifitt, but
for the second part, he thought cleane contrary that the trouble of
this yeare would be farr more then any of the succeedinge, in reguard.
of the great difficulties that are in the setlinge of newe buissinesses
more then in prosecutinge of them, when they are once ordered and
setled in good frame and course.

After this no man makinge further obiecton and many approuinge
and well likinge the proporéon of Salaries and desiringe his lp: to put
them to the question, his lp: said he would once againe read them
vnto, w™ beinge ||hauing|| donn and no man makinge any obiecéon
after a good pause his Ip: put all those thinge formerly proposed con-
cerninge the Officers and Salaries to the question: All w™ were by
erecéon of hand approued of and confirmed.

154 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

This beinge ended the Ea: of Southampton desired them to nominate
whome they would haue to be their Director and Treasuror (w“ were
to be ballated) the rest: were thought fitt should be chosen by erecéon
of handé.

Wherevpon for Directo" was nominated 8' Edwin Sandys and for
Treasuror and Deputy m* John ffarrar, and no other beinge named S*
Edwin Sandys was first put to the ballatinge Box and was chosen by
65 balle and had only fiue balle against him. [99]

Afterward m™ Iohn ffarrar beinge put to the Ballatinge Boxe for
Treasuror and Deputy, was chosen by 68: ball€ havinge only two Balle
against him.

After this the Court named for Comittees.

m’ Bennett. m1’ Ditchfeild.
m’ Barbo’. m’ Bland.

m’ Caswell. m’ Wiseman.
m* Wheatly. m’ Meverell.
m’ Gifford. m’ Edwarde.
m’ Withers. m’ Couell.

m’* Mellinge. m’ ffelgate.
m’ Geo: Smith. m’ Bull.

w beinge put to the question erecton of handé these eight by plurality
of hand€ were chosen

m* Bennett.

m* Barbo’.

m’ Caswell.

m* Wheatley.

m’ Gifford.

m’ Withers.

m’* Mellinge.

m’ Geo: Smith.

Vnto w Coffiittee for their better assistance by reason many waightie
oceurrances would happen of higher nature then proffitt, his lp signi-

NOVEMBER 27, 1622 155

fied that the Counsell and former Comittee at their last consultaéons
held it likewise fitt there should be an addiéon of eight or ten more
without Salaries as Cofiittees extraordinary to be chosen out of the
Counsell, Notwithstandinge it was prepessded ||prouided|| and ordered
that the Directo’ and the rest of y® Comiittees both ordinary and extra-
ordinary shall not haue any concludinge power in any matter of waight
touchinge this buissines without the opinion and assent of the two
Companies in their seuerall Court€ who are to be made acquainted
from time to time with their proceeding€: Wherevpon for Committees
||extraordinary|| the Court nominated the right hono™

Lo: Padgett. S' Hen: Mildmay.
Lo: Maynard. m* Gibbs.

S' Ed: Sackuill. m’ Wrote.

S* Io: Brooke. mm’ Io: Smith.

S* Io: Dauers. m’ Ro: Smith.

ffor Bookeeper m*’ Wiseman and m’‘ Boothby beinge proposed choise
was made of m*™ Wiseman by plurality of handé.

The two Casheires and Clarke were left to the choise of the Treasuror
beinge to be answeareable for them.

ffor the Solicitor, m™ Waterhowse and m‘* Hacket beinge proposed
choise was made of m™ Waterhowse. [100]

ffor Husband m* Webb was thought fittest, in reguard the Company
haue litle other imployment for him; And in respect he is allowed
60" for this buissines, the Companie to ease their hand deducted 20"
of that they formerly allowed him.

ffor Beadle choise was made of m’ Carter.

After this vpon moéon that a Comittee might be appointed for draw-
inge vp the oathes for their seuerall Officers aforenamed the Court
referred it to be donne by m’ Nicholas ffarrar and the former Comittee
extraordinary, who were entreated to meete at m’ Deputies on Sat-
turday next in the afternoone to aduise about the same.

The Rolle:

156 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

After this m’ Deputy acquainted the Company ||Court|| that the Coun-
sell and Comittee hauinge treated and debated largely concerninge the
bringinge in of the Spanish Tobacco, and findinge some willinge to be
Aduenturers for the bringinge in of 40000 waight, thought good findinge
no possibility to haue the whole vndertaken, at present to make offer and
to giue liberty to such as would vnderwrite for the bringinge in of that
quantitie vpon such condiéons as partly the Court€ had ordered and
the Comittee appointed by the Virginia Companie in their Preepara-
tiue Court for that purpose, had likewise thought fitt, And that the
Counsell and Comittee hauinge appointed seme him to drawe vp a
Roll to that purpose he had accordingly donne it, w™ the Counsell had
before the sittinge of the Court read and approued and he nowe pre-
sented it vnto the Court to receaue their approbaéon or amendment,
w beinge donne and the Court fully informed of the perticular pointe
therein, it was put to the question and by erecéon of hand¢ ratified
and confirmed the Teno’ whereof followeth (vizt) .

The Comittee were desired by the Court to take care to looke out for
a convenient howse and Warehowse for the Companies vse.

The Committees also apointed heretofore to attend m* Atturney about
drawinge vp of the Patent were nowe desired to proceed in that buis-
sines with expidiéon.

M' Iohn ffarrar desired a Cofiission might be graunted for the Bona
Noua, w™ he and his Partners were settinge forth aswell for trans-
portinge of some psons to Virginia as also for fishinge in part for the
Colony w™ was accordingly graunted, and m* Deputy desired to drawe
vp the Cofiission and to Seale it.

The like Comission at the moéon and request of m‘ Bennet was also
graunted for the Iohn & Frauncis. [101]

After the endinge of the Virginia Court the Lo: Cauendish tooke
againe the Chaire and so the Sumer [lands Court went on, when his
Ip: reeapitulatinge orderly and distinctly all the seuerall thinge, that
had bin propounded, debated and passed, in the Virginia Court belong-
inge to the Contract, desired the Sumer [lands Companie to declare

NOVEMBER 27, 1622 vo 157

their mind¢ and opinions concerninge the same, w™ they did by a
generall assent, approvinge ef all thing¢ without any manner of excep-
tion to any thinge at all, And generally desired his lp: to put the
thinge to the question w™ accordingly his lp: did and the whole Con-
tract, and all the perticulars thereof were by erecéon of handé ratified
and confirmed in all point¢€ accordingly as the Virginia Companie had
passed them.

The Security for such as stood bound for the 1000" taken vp at vse is
transmitted to the next Court to be further considered of and then
the Seale of the Companie to be affixed vnto it.

Vpon the Dissoluinge of the Court¢, the Ea of Southampton and the
Lord Cauendish stood vp and both of them prayinge God that this
buissines might be to the aduancement of the PlantaGons (to w™ only
they protested they had respect in all the carriage thereof) desired
the whole Companie nowe to make their best of that w™ themselues
had coneluded and like honest and worthie minded men to giue
their best helpes for the good execuéon thereof, and to ioyne with
sincere hexnds ||hart¢|| and willinge hand¢ in the good accomplishinge
and pformance thereof.

AT A QUARTER COURTE HELDE FOR THE SUMMER ISLANDS ON Quarter Courte for
the Summer Isl-

WEDNESDAY THE 27 oF NOVEMBER 1622 ~ ae
PRESENT
Right Honorable’
Earle of Southampton.
Lord Cavendish.
Lord Pagett. S' Edward Sackvill.
Lord Maynard. S' Io: Brooke.
. S' Edwin Sandys. :
8S Henry Mildmay. A nigiete
S’ Ro: Killigrue.

S* Io: Dauers.
1 The caption of this Court is in the handwriting of Nicholas Ferrar.

158 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’* Deputy ||Iohn ffar- m* Whitley. m’* Phesey.
rar Deputy.||
m’ Gibbs. m’ Barbo’. m’* Viner.
m’ Bromefeild. m’* Caswell. m’ Truloue.
m’‘ Stewart. m’* Bennet. m’ Scott.
m* Wilmer. m* Wiseman. m’ Waterhowse.
Capt: Brewster. m* Roberte. m’* Gold.
Capt: Bargraue. m’ Woodall. m’* Cox.
m’* lo: Smith. m’ Mellinge. m’ Delbridge.
m’ Zouch. m* Swinhowe. m’ Elkington.
m’* Robert Smith. m* Meuerell. m* Ley.
m’ Tomlins. m’ Winn. m’ Sparrowe.
m’ Nich: ffarrar. m’ Widdowes. m* Couell.
m’ Mole. m* Baynham. m’ Kirby.
wm’ ffranc: Waterhowse.
[102]
m’ Seaward. m* Edwards. m’ Browne.
m’ Binge. m’ Bland. Capt: Rossingham.
m’* Procter. m’ Dichfeild. m* Lambe.
m’ ffreake. m’ Rogers. m’ Taylor.
m’* Buckeridge. m’ Stone. mn’ ffelgate.
m’ Lake. m’ Baldwin. m’ Leuer.
m* Hacket. m’ Harrison. m* Webbe.
m* Paulson. m* Wood. m’ Cuffe.
m’ Birket. m’ Lilly. with diuers others.
m’* Hobbs. m’ Barbo’.

At the great and generall Quarter Court accordinge to the vsuall
manner was first read the preceedent quarter Court held in Inuly last
and nex next the Preparatiue Co™ held on ffriday the 22" of this
present Moneth after this was first read the Draft of the Graunt of
Landé in the Sufier Iland¢ to perticuler Aduenturers w™ was by the
last preparatiue Court referred to this Quarter Co™ to be confirmed,
or otherwise amended or altered as this Court should thinke fitt:
Against it were alledged all those Argunenteé that were vsed in the
former Court, but they were not founde to be of any more force or
validity then they then appeared, but on the contrary the said Inden-

NOVEMBER 27, 160@ °° .-- °, 159

ture both for the forme and the pticuler pointé in it, appeared to be
more fitt and necessarie the more it was Disputed and Debated of, but
whereas some seemed to make a newe scruple that by the said ||third||
Article their good¢ here at home were lyable to the satisfyinge of such
charges as by the Companie should be taxed for the Defence of the
Iland or otherwise, Although it was conceaued and generally adiudged
that the word of the Article did not import any such thinge but were
onely restrained to such good¢ and Cojffiodities as should come from
the Sofier Iland¢ only yet to giue full satisfacéon ||vnto them|| It was
ordered that the word¢ should be made more plaine in this manner
vizt.

That whereas it was before in these worde vizt: vpon the good¢€ and
proffitt€ of the said A B his heires and Assignes or vpon the goode
and proffitte of his and their Tenant¢ and Servant¢ w™ shalbe brought
from the said Sumer [land€ into any of his Ma” Dominions or els-
where: It was ordered to be in this manner vizt vpon the good¢ and
proffitte of the said A B: his heires and Assignes w™ shalbe brought
from the said Sumer [lands or vpon the goodé¢ and proffitte of his and
their Tenant€ and Servant€ w™ shall likewise be brought from the
said Sumer Dland¢ into any of his Ma* Dominions or elswhere.

And in the end after a verie longe disputaéon and full and ample
discussinge of all point¢€ the Lo: Cauendish propounded whither [103]
the Indenture should passe or noe w™ beinge put to the question the
number seeminge to be equall on both parte, it was thought fitt to
diuide the Court, and that they that were on y° affirmatiue part to be
of the one side and the Negatiue on the other, w™ beinge donn there
was found to be on the affirmatiue part w™ desired the Indenture
should passe these 21 followinge vizt

Lo: Cauendish Gouernor. m’ Bromefeild. m’ Cuffe.
Ea: of Southampton. m* Tomlins. | m* Webbe.
Lo: Padget. -. mm” Barbo*. | m’ Carter.
8" Edward Sackuill. mm’ Geo: Scott. m* Shippard.
S* Io: Dauers. m* Wheatley. m* Hacket.
\|S* Edw. Sandys.|| m* Nicho: ffarrar. mj Ley.

m’ lohn ffarrar Deputy. m* Mellinge. m1’ ffelgate.

m’ Hobbs.

160 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY
And on the contrary side there were found these 20 followinge vizt.

m* Caswell. m* Ro: Smith. m’ Paulson.

m’ Ditchfeild. m’ Wiseman. m’* Tickener.

m’ Edwards. m’ Roberts.

m’ Bennet. m’ Couell.

m’ Delbridge. m’ Woodall.

m’ Rogers. m’ Penistone.

m’ Sparrowe. m* Geo: Smith. And fower others.

So that the thinge was confirmed and ratified.

This buissines beinge dispatched the Lo: Cauendish Gouernor pro-
posed the accomplishinge of the great worke of the daye w™ was the
concludinge of the Contract with his Ma“ and the performinge those
other thing€ w™ were necessarie for the accomplishment & execuéon
thereof, as namely the choise of Officers, their Salaries and other
thing€ pertinent thereto, But because the thinge did equally con-
cerne the Virginia Companie with the Sumer Dands, and that all of
the Suffer [lands Companie, were of the Virginia Companie, but not
on the contrary: It was therefore thought fitt and convenient that
accordinge to the power and authoritie giuen by the Quarter Court for
Virginia the Wedensday before all those point€ should be first pro-
pounded Debated and passed in a Virginia Court and afterward in the
Sumer Iland¢ Court by w™ course both the buissines might be more
exactly determined of, in reguard that from the greater number there
was like to be the better Counsell giuen and likewise a labo" spared
for if they should begin with it in the Sumer [land¢ Court all thinge
must be againe repeated to the Virginia Court afterward, for w™ the
day would searce suffice: wherevpon it was ordered that the Sumer
lands Co should be suspended for a while but to be continued so
longe after 6, of y® Clocke as occasion should require and the Ea: of
Southampton was desired to take the Chaire and to begin a Virginia
Court w™ accordingly his Ip: did. ||w™ Court is entred next before
this bearing date the same day.|| [104]

DECEMBER 4, 1622

At a CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON
WEDENSDAY THE 4™ oF DECEMBER i622

PRESENT
Right Hono’ Lo: Cauindish

8S’ Edwin Sandys. m’ Bromefeild. m” White.

S* Iohn Dauers. m' Wilmott. m'’ Cuffe.

m’ Alder: Iohnson. m’ Barbo'. m’ Geo: Smith.

m’* Tomlins. m’ Withers. m1’ Meuerell.

m’ Deputy. m’ Caswell. m* Widdowes.

m’ Jo: ffarrar. m‘ Bland. m’ Hackett.

m’ Gibbs. m’* Bull. m’ Sparrowe.

m‘ Wrote. m’ Mellinge. m' Webbe.

m'‘ Tho Shippard. m'’ Addis. m* Wiseman.
with diuers others.

M' Deputy said that for want of leasure he had not pfected the last
Court kept on the Suiier [lands Quarter Court day, Wherefore he
desired the readinge thereof might be respited till the next Court.

M’ Deputy moued the Court for passinge of these Shares followinge
vizt for three Shares w™ himselfe had bought of m' Edw. ffaucett and
turned ouer to m™ Geo: Mordent, w™ beinge allowed by the Auditors
the Court ratified and confirmed accordingly, Also for two Shares w™
Henry Lo: Lawarr ||jand the Lady Cisly Laware|| passed ouer vnto
m’ Nicho: Downe Cittizen and mercer of London w™ the Court in
like manner confirmed vnto the said Nicho: Downe.

After this the Quarter Court held the two and Twentith of Nouember
last was read.

Captaine Martin moued the Court for redeliuery of his Patent pre-
tendinge it was onely deposited in the Secretaries hand€ vpon trust

16466—voL 2—-06——11

162 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

but the Court answeared, that the surrender was voluntary and abso-
lute without any manner of condiéon, but onely to haue a newe Pat-
ent and therefore could not be deliuered him againe, wondringe that
against so many wittnesses to the contrary he would affirme any such
thinge: Wherevpon he beinge further desirous the M’ of the Rolle
might be entreated to giue a meetinge about his buissines according
to a former order in that behalfe, The Court praied m‘ Deputy accord -
inge to the said order to repaire vnto the M’‘ of the Roll€ to knowe
what time he would please to appoint a meetinge, and that if it might
stand with his Honors leasure on Monday next a Court should be then
called on purpose for that buissines onely.

S' Edwin Sandys said that forsomuch as it was ordered at the last
Court that the Comittee appointed for the Tobacco buissines should
from time to time make report vnto the Companie of their proceed -
ing€ in those affaires he would therefore relate in perticuler what
had bin donn therein by them: ffirst that the Lord Treasuror had
receaued [105] the Propositions as they were agreed on at the last
Court, and had promised to giue direcéons to m* Atturney imediatly
to drawe vp the Patent accordingly: But his Ips sodaine goeinge to
Newmarkett to the Kinge, had caused that to be forgotten, notwith-
standinge m* Atturney beinge made acquainted with the Contract,
said, although he had as yet receaued no direcéon from the Lo: Tréar,
yet for expidiéons sake he would prepare the buissines against his
Ip* returne.

Hee further signified that because ef the Delay of the Proclamation,
might not breed any preiudice to the Companies, the Committees had
accordingly as the Lord Treasuror by 8S‘ Arthur Ingram aduised them,
drawne vp the forme of a Letter to be sent to the Port€ in his Lp*
name, giuinge notice of the Bargaine concluded between his Ma’ and
the Companies and straightly charginge them to inhibite the bring-
inge in of any Tobacco but accordingly: W“ letter was deliuered to
S' Arthur Ingram who promised to procure his Ip: to signe it withall
expidition if it were not already donn, and to cause it to be sent downe
imediately.

DECEMBER 4, 1628 came 163

As for the Proclamaéon he said himselfe and the Cofiittees conceau-
inge there was great necessity in speedinge of it, had satt many dayes
in pervsinge all former Presidente of this and many of the like kinde,
and out of them collectinge what they conceaued to be fitt and prop-
per, and likewise addinge diuers other perticulers, w™ were conceaued
either necessary or benificiall they had drawne a Proclamaéon whereby
m’ Atturney might w™ lesse labo" and in shorter time dispatch it:
w™" vpon his Ip* returne from Newmarkett they hoped would be
instantly effected.

Hee further signified, that for bringinge home of the Spanish Tobacco,
the Roll agreed vpon in the Quarter Court was engrossed, and there
was already by his Solicitaéon vnderwritt a good Sofie of money
neare vpon 2500".

And whereas it was ordered at the last Quarter Court, that such as
beinge not free Brothers of the Companie and yet desired to aduen-
ture in this lointe Stocke should first buy fower Shares of land of the
Companie, he wished it had bin ordered for a lesse number of Shares
for that he knewe some worthie gentlemen would §willingly§ haue
vnderwritt in the said Roll, if they might haue bin admitted vpon the
purchase of two Shares onely, but he said he spake this onely ||but||
by the waye.

Herevpon m’* Wrote tooke occasion to saye that he sawe no reason
why they should be so strictly bound to those orders as if those orders
were like to the lawes of the Meades and Persians neuer to be altered
or revoaked Besid¢€ he said that this order had not his due comitt-
ment (as it ought to [106] haue had by their lawes) for he said him-
selfe was the first Proposer of it, w™ was no sooner moued but it was
forthwith ordered, And therefore said, he wold nowe moue and pro-
pound vnto this Co™ that in reguard not onely that perticuler order
but also some other matters of speciall consequence vnto the Com-
panie were proposed and passed at the last Court held for Virginia on
the Sumer [lands Quarter Court daye without that due preparaéon as
the lawes and orders of the Companie required in that §like§ cases,
that therefore it might nowe be ordered that no Acte hereafter be

164 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

made to binde the Companie in the same Court wherein the matter is
first proposed but rather that it might ru his due course of examina-
éon by a Comittee or in the followinge ordinary Court before it be
ordered; for he said he had obserued an Article passed in this Roll
(amonge other thing) whereat many tooke exception, and was the
only cause of their vnwillingnes to vnderwrite to the said ||Roll|| w™
otherwise would haue aduentured largely in this buissines, as namely
where the Companie are ordered to beare a Tenth part in the said
Iointe Stocke, and to giue their Seale for Security, whereby it was
conceaued that if the buissines should not prosper well, euery mans
priuate estate was bound to repaire the losse and make vp the Kings
part: And he added the Companie beinge in debt, the moneyes paid
in to the Companies by such as subscribed might be presently seized
vpon accordinge to the Custome of the Citty whereby the Companie
should paye vse for the Stocke and not haue the same to imploy to
any benefitt.

Touchinge the first pointe of m’ Wrotes Allegaéon 8* Edwin Sandys
answeared that there was a very great difference between a lawe w™
ought to be made in that solemne manner as he had intimated, and a
perticuler buissines as this #8 was.

M' Deputy said he would not propound the cofittinge of these thing?
againe, beinge determined by the Quarter Court neither did he con-
ceaue any defect to haue bin in the manner of passinge them, for
although m* Wrote was he that propounded it yet it was not a thinge
then sodainely thought vpon, but propounded by m* Deputy himselfe
to diuers of the Counsell fower or fiue dayes before, neither was it
passed that Court wherein it was propounded without mature delib-
eracon, and was againe read and approued by the Quarter Court ||for||
Virginia, and after that againe in the last Court w™ had the authority
of a Quarter Court ratified and approued Wherevpon m' Withers said
he sawe no reason that a thinge being clearely passed in a Court and
without any exception confirmed in two other Court¢ should either be
disputed or called in question. [107] And it was by another added
that no Comittees opinion could be deemed of so much force as the
opinion of a generall Court if it passe clearely.

DECEMBER 4, 1622 at 165

ffor the second point of m’ Wrotes former speach vizt vpon the Com-
panies bearinge a Tenth part in the Aduenture, S*' Edwin Sandys said
that the Counsell and Committees had taken that waightie pointe
into their serious consideraégon, and they were of opinion that it was
most necessary to engage the Companie in this Iointe Stocke for
bringinge home the Spanish Tobacco, for that thereby the Aduen-
turers should haue the Companies assistance and protecéon vpon all
occasions (as need should require) And that this condiéon was
desired by the Aduenturers themselues, who without it would not haue
vnderwritten in the said Roll; As for the matter of Security (w™ was
so much stood vpon) he said the Tobacco it selfe, aswell as the Seale
of the Companie should lye at Stake for it.

And touchinge the engagement of mens private estat€ hereby: therein
was no danger; it beinge cleare by lawe that onely the goode of the
Corporation are lyable to the debt€ thereof, Concerninge w™ he said
he had taken aduise of most sufficient Lawyers: And m‘ Caswell said,
that m* White the Lawyer (who newly was departed out of the Court)
havinge heard this Disputaéon did affirme that priuate mens estate
could not be lyable to the Debt€ by the Seale of the Corporaéon but
onely the goode of the Corporaéon it selfe.

Notwithstandinge m* Wrote still persisted in his former opinion, that
this buissines was not fairely carried nor a due course taken for pre-
paringe of matters; but were hastily shuffled ouer, and that he could
not be pswaded but each Member of the Companie (vpon grant of the
Seale for Seeurytie) was bound to make this good, out of his owne
private estate, alledginge that he had likewise asked Counsell of Law-
yers whose iudgement was as he had deliuered. ||And was the rather
confirmed in that opinion because of the late example of the Muscouy
Company.||

Wherevpon m‘ Alderman Johnson desired the Companie to be wary
in giuinge their Seale for the Security and therevpon cited a case of
late time happned vnto the Muscouia Companie who beinge indebted
longe since and hauinge giuen their Seale for Security diuers Brothers
of that Companie were troubled and sued for the same:

166 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M’ Mellinge replied it was true that a leviaton for payment of the
Muscouia Companies debt€ was ordered by the Lorde of his Ma“ most
honorable Privy Counsell to be made out of the gaines made vpon
their seuerall Stocke in the seuerall yeares when those moneyes were
supposed to be borrowed and taken vp at interest and not to be laid
vpon the whole body of the Companye or them that were not Traders
in those yeares or since. [108]

But m* Withers made Aunsweare it was true some were troubled but
none of them had therefore paid any thinge, but were freed and cleared
thereof: And he added further that the newe Iointe Stocke it selfe was
exempted from those former debt¢: W™ m’ Alderman Iohnson said
was by perticuler agreement before the Stocke was beguii: Howso-
euer m‘* Withers said he was suer that the priuate Brothers of the
Companie were by order of the Counsell-Bourd acquitted and freed
from molestaéon.

M’ Deputy said that beside the vnseasonablenes of the Proposition
since it could not be revoaked at least till the next Quarter Court the
thinge it selfe seemed verie strange to him, for if their were danger to
priuate mens estat€ by reason the Companies beare a Tenth part only;
howe much greater danger there was, if the Companie should beare
the whole w™ they were bound to doe hauinge taken it vpon them by
giuinge of their Seale except priuate Aduenturers as they had beguit
eased them: Wherevpon he said the Counsell and Coiittees conceaued
that they had donn a verie espeaciall great Seruice to the Companie so
to continue and order the matter: That hauinge taken so great a bur-
then vpon them, they should be eased of almost all, and the care of
one onely Tenth part left vnto them: And if the feare of this Tenth
part did trouble men what should the whole doe, w™ otherwise was
like to lye vpon the Companies: ffor whereas m‘ Wrote said, that this
Clause was the onely cause of the vnwillingnes of diuers to vnderwrite .
in the said Roll w™ otherwise would haue aduentured largely in the
buissines, m’ Deputy said it was a principall clause that invited them
that had already vnderwritten and ¢hkeé ||when|| it was replied that if
the Companies had not §a part§ there was one would vnderwrite 500"
m’ Deputy made aunsweare that if the Companies had not a part the

DECEMBER 4, 1622 — 167

2500" already vnderwritten would vpon his knowledge be drawne out
againe; And diuers of them that had vnwritten, beinge then present
did affirme the same, that except the Companies bore a part they would
withdrawe what they had already vnderwritten.

Vpon this disputaton the Lord Cauendish tooke occasion to informe
the Court howe fairely and orderly the Counsell and Cofiittee had
proceeded in this buissines: The Lord€ and the Counsell ||sittingell
both forenoone and afternoone the day before the Quarter Court beinge
attended also by the Comiittees the whole day, and that thinge were so
seriously and maturely debated as there growinge a difference of opin-
ion in one pointe amongst the Gemittee ||Counsell||, the Ea: of South-
ampton did perticulerly enquire the opinion of euery one and in the end
the resoluGon was made accordinge to the maior part of voices. [109]

M’ Wrote said that he knewe many eyes were vpon him and desired
the speeches he had spoken might be sett downe.

Wherevpon the Argument beinge still maintayned with such violence
and vnorderlynes against so many good reasons as had bin alledged,
m’ Deputy made this open protestaéon that for his part in reguard he
had knowne m’ Wrotes great zeale and forwardnes in the buissines of
Virginia, he did not thinke that these thing€ were propounded and
vrged by him out of an evill minde, nor that they came from him-
selfe, but from some others who had by wronge informaéons and
ground¢ perswaded him to doe what he did, directly with an inten-
tion to cause distracéon and variances and by iealousies and doubte
to hinder the vnderwritinge of the Roll and consequently to drawe
the Companie into the Penalty of not performinge that condiéon,
w if any such evill happned he protested this dayes worke was the
cheife occasion: Wherevnto m‘’ Wrote made answeare that he would
not haue m* Deputy thinke so: basely of him as to be so lead by any
man, for he protested it was his owne what he spake and not out of
any suggestion vnto him: And therevpon vrged againe that m* Dep-
uty would put his former Proposition to the question: w™ if he
refused he said the Counsell there ||plsent|| were to doe it.

168 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Wherevpon m’* Deputy asked him howe he would haue it put to the
question, Whither that noe order should be made before it had bin
considered of by a Comittee (w™ could not but breed a great deale of
trouble and vnnecessary delaye to buissinesses) |lor|| whither he
would haue matters of importance onely to be so referred w™ already
had bin the practise of the Companie in |lall|| their proceedinge:
Wherevpon the Court beinge ouerwearied and m’ Wrote ||being||
told by Diuers he did transgresse the lawe by speakinge so often to
one buissines, replied that others had so donne likewise, and he would
yet speake more, At length to giue an end to these differences, the
Court desired m* Deputy to put it to y* question whither the openinge
of the fower Shares to a lesse number and the Companies bearinge a
Tenth part in the Iointe Stocke beinge thing€ ordered by the last
Quarter Court, should be nowe disputed vpon or noe, w™ beinge
accordingly put to the question it was by a generall consent, (only m’
Wrote himselfe and one other dissentinge) ordered, that seinge both
those point€ had passed the iudgement of a Quarter Court, they
should not nowe be disputed vpon, but if any had any thinge to oppose
there against they might doe it in the next: Quarter Court.

This beinge donne the Lord Cauendish acquainted the Companie, y‘
according to the request of the former Court he had bin with S* Henry
Martin and Solicited him for a hearinge of the cause in difference
between one Wye and the Companie who promised to appoint a daye
on purpose between this and Christmas to make an end of that
buissines. [110]

M’ Wrote herevpon made request vnto the Companie that seeinge he
had a longe time followed this buissines and that the cause at the
next hearing after sentence giuen and vpon Appeale made was like to
\|bel] transmitted to the Delegat€ whereby it must anewe begin that
therefore himselfe might be discharged and some other appointed to
solicite and followe the same before the Deligat¢, for it was nowe no
worke of a gentlemans but of a Solicitor.

After this it beinge late a letter was presented in Court to m*’ Deputy
directed to the Treasuror Counsell and Company for Virginia and Sub-

DECEMBER 4, 1622 169

seribed by Henry Reynolds w™ beinge read it appeared he made
request in the behalfe of one m* Taylor, whome he coffiended for his
honestie and sufficiency that the Companie would please to imploye
him for their facto’ in Ireland about the Tobacco buissines with such
convenient Salary for his paines as shalbe thought fitt: W% request
beinge taken into consideraéon some of the Court thought fitt to referr
it to the Comittees as also what Salary they shall thinke fitt to allowe
him for his seruice. But S* Edwin Sandys moued, that no Salary
might be graunted but by the Court¢€ approbaéon.

Herevpon m* Wrote tooke occasion to admonish the Companie to take
some tender care in giuinge of Salaries and wished that the Graunt
of so great Salaryes at the last deriuatiue Court had bin better con -
sidered of before they had passed thereon them consideringe the
Companie were in debt already, and so litle meanes left whereby
to raise so great a Soffie as 2500" (as was nowe agreed vpon) to be
issued out in Salaries and other charges and consideringe also this
was a course contrary to the practise of the East Indy Companie who
graunted to their Officers no Sallaries at all vntill there was both
meanes todo it and seruice also pformed for it: And said further that
whereas vpon the grauntinge of the place of Maister? of the ordi-
nance in Virginia heretofore vnto Captaine Martin with the like ffees
and Proffitts as are accustomed to the like place here in England, 8S‘
Edwin Sandys opposed the said Patent for that it would haue brought
a greater charge vpon the Companie then would be paide beinge not-
withstandinge but 400" p Ani, Hee therefore could not see (espea-
cially nowe the Company were in a farr worse case) by what meanes,
so great a Sofie as 2500" a yeare could be paide without the vtter
vndoinge of the Companie: ffor he said this great Sofie must of
necessity be raised by ann imposiéon vpon the Tobacco that shalbe
brought in, w™ he obserued to be of three sort¢, vizt: the Spanish
Tobacco, The Companies Tobacco and the Tobacco of priuate Planters
w ought to be free by their Charters, So that what with givinge a
Third part to his Ma“° and payinge of other charges for custome,
freight and for this newe Imposiéon, the poore Planter should scarce
haue the one halfe of his Tobacco free to himselfe to line vpon And

170 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

herevpon m* Wrote [111] offered to giue the one halfe of all his
Tobacco to be quitt of all charges that would come vpon it by this
meanes: Wherevpon some made Answeare that he went about to call
the whole Contract into question, and to laye disgraces vpon it w™ was
past and fully agreed on by both the Quarter Court¢; Whereas the
bringinge of the Tobacco into one hand was vndoubtedly the waye
both to vphold and aduance the price much more ||then|| by beinge
brought in, and scattered ||in|| many hundred hand¢.'

M' Wrote replied he ment onely touchinge the Salaries w™ buissines
(he said) was not coffitted but carried fowly and disorderly and with
much arte surreptitiously and to priuate end¢; And that diuers of the
Companie did both then and since, as well publiquely, as privately in
his hearinge complaine much against it, but durst not speake their
mindé¢ freely because they were ouerawed.

M’ Withers recalled him, sayinge he was much mistaken to saye thinge
were carried fowly: And m* Treasuror Caswell said, yo" would not
haue said wee were ouerawed if you had bin at Court, yo" should haue
seen what wee durst do: But m* Alderman Johnson interrupted him
sayinge they had Salaries and ought not to speake.

Wherevpon m’ John ffarrar said that that speach of m* Wrote was
both ||most|| vntrue and scandalous, for men at all times might speake
freely their mind¢, and that they did at this verie Court as one example
might shewe it, (when after a longe dispute about the Graunt of land¢
in the Sumer Dande¢) the Court was diuided and Twenty of the Com-
panie went on one side, and one and Twenty on the other, All the
Lorde Knight€ and gentlemen beinge on the one side: And this Act
shewed plainely what men durst doe, Neither was the Gouerment
Tirannicall nor the Companie so silly and simple men as m* Wrote
would make them: where if he had bin present at that Court (and
other meeting€ of the Counsell and Cofiittees) wherevnto he was
warned, he would haue seen and heard thing¢ carried and handled in
a fairer manner then he nowe deliuers them to be, and much mar-
veyled he would thus censure the proceeding€ of the Quarter Court
and other meeting€ whereat he was not but take all vpon hearesay.

1A paper touching a similar discussion in the Summer Islands Company is referred to in List
of Records, No. 380, Vol. I, page 162, ante.

DECEMBER 4, 1622 - 171

After this m’ Wrote willed S* Edwin Sandys to keepe his owne lawes
lw" he had made|| and therevpon cited a lawe, where to avoide the
drawinge the Companie into debt it is ordered that no perticuler man
make or propound any newe Proiect of charge to the Companie, but
he withall offer good meanes howe to defraye that charge and vphold
his Proiect the Breakers of w™ order are to be excluded from the
generall Court€ xc: The Lord Cauendish told him that he had not onely
affronted him in perticuler but the Ea: of Southampton also and the
rest of the Counsell and Cofiittee: who after this buissines was pro-
pounded vnto both the Companies at their seuerall Court¢ on ffriday |
before the [112] Quarter Courte mett the Tusday after, both fore-
noone and afternoone about it, whither himselfe was perticulerly also
warned by the Officer and havinge taken consultaéon therein (not with
a purpose to conclude vpon any thinge but to prepare that buissines)
brought the same to the Court€ held the next daye to be amended and
ordered as they should see cause: As for terminge the Lawes to be S'
Edwin Sandys lawes, his lp: told him he had donn the Companie great
wronge and that this was the reward that men had for doeinge pub-
lique seruice: And he might aswell haue said, the Instructions giuen
to the Gouerno’ of the Suffer Iland€ were his because he made the
first draft of them: And added that he had donn more harme by that
dayes worke then Captaine Martin Capt: Baylie or Capt: Argall.

Wherevpon m* Wrote said my good Lord I protest vpon my saluaéon
I had no intent directly nor indirectly to perstringe the AcGons of the
Counsell or of yo" lp: or of my Lo: of Southampton for I confesse yo"
courses haue bin alwayes like yo" selues noble direct iust and plaine
but I speake of things donn in yo’ lp* absence when yo" were out of
Towne whereof yo" can take no notice.

As for 8' Edwin Sandys lawes he called them noe otherwise then a
great Lord did, and said that he had taken paines 40: dayes in exam-
inaéon concerninge the Spanish wrecke and that he was a weary of
beinge any longer of any Pollitique body: And further said that see-
inge his lp: was thus displeased with him, he would not trouble that
Court where his lp: was Gouerno’ but would deliuer vp his Share at
the next Sumer Ilande Court, W™ if he did, the Lord Cauendish said
he would not entreat him to keepe it.

172 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Touching the lawe cited by m‘’ Wrote S' Edwin Sandys made
answeare that that lawe was prouided in case any perticuler man
should propound any newe Proiect of charge vnto the Companie:
whereas this was a buissines incident to the Contract, w™ the whole
Companie agreed vnto and had vndertaken, Besid¢€ he said, it was
not intended that this charge shalbe laid vpon the Companie, but
onely as they beare a parte beinge to be raised out of a perticuler nego-
tiaéon vpon the Tobacco whose propper burden it was, and that it
was not 2500" but only 2000" w™ was proporéoned for the charges of
this buissines: ffor the other 500" except it might be much for the
improuement of the Cofiodity should not be expended but returned
againe to the owners of the Tobacco, and of the 2000" proporéoned
the Kinge bearinge one Third part and the Spanish Tobacco a double
charge in proporéon to the Plantaéons Tobacco, there could not be at
the most aboue 800" to come out of the Tobacco of the Plantaéons,
out of w" the Companies should be eased of some Salaries that they
nowe paye to Officers and should [113] haue a howse of their owne,
w*" was a most fittinge and necessarie thinge; and for w™ together
with Warehowses they had in their iundgment€ proportioned 160"' So
that the Sume raised vpon the Aduenturers and Planters Tobacco
toward€ the payment of the Salaries was but a smale matter and such
as would be questionles manifoldly repaid by the improuinge of the
price of Tobacco through their care and iudgement that should man-
age it: W charge of Salaries therefore could neither disharten the
Aduenturers nor vndo the Planters (as was alledged:) As for the
instance of Captaine Martin, the cases were not alike that beinge to
run out of the Companies Stocke (w™ was none) and therefore must
need€ ouerwhelme the Companie with debt: This beinge to be raised
yearely out of the Tobacco that come in and therefore the Companie
could not be hereby indebted.

M’ Deputy said that m‘' Wrote spake out of his ignorance (ignorance
of fact he meant,) because m’™ Wrote was not at the Coffiittee, but
m’ Wrote replied that m*’ Deputy spake out of the abundance of his
knowledge, but he out of his conscience.

DECEMBER 4, 1622 aia 173

M’ Deputy went on and said that the matter of Salaries were not sur-
reptitiously carried but most fairely and orderly with those due
preparaéons that ought, havinge bin first handled and treated of in a
Comittee before the Quarter Court of Virginia whereat the Lord
Cauendish was and amongst diuers others (m’ Wrote) himselfe where
after the Offices of Director, Deputy, Treasuror and Comittees were
approued and liked of: the matter of Salaries was by himselfe pro-
pounded, as he said m* Gibbs could well remember who propoundinge
100" Salary for the Office of Treasuror, m‘ Deputy said it was a great
deale to litle: Wherevpon m’* Gibbs said it might then be 200" but it —
was replied that that would likewise be to litle: and this Coffittee
beinge nine dayes before the Quarter Court wherein the Salaries were
giuen, it could not be said they were surreptitiously carried, men
hauinge so longe time warninge to thinke what was to be donn in that
point, Beside in the Sumer Iland¢ Preparatiue Court, the Ha: of
Southampton after the nominaéon of Directo’ and Treasuror, said
that for the other Officers and the Salaries they should be referred
till the Quarter Court it selfe, w™ was a second warninge to the Com-
pany to take their bethinkinge and to consider of the matter of Sala-
ries, yet to the intent that thinge might be y° better disgested, the
Earle of Southampton afterward thought fitt the Tuisday before
the Quarter Court to assemble the Counsell and Cofiittees, whereat
the Lo: Cauendish the Lo: Gatendisk Padgett S' Edw: Sackuill
S' Iohn Dauers and a [114] very full Counsell of others beinge pres-
ent, all thing and in perticuler this matter of Salaries was verie seri-
ously debated and considered of, both in the forenoone and the
afternoone, and to this Counsell m* Wrote himselfe was warned: So
that (he said) this matter was prepared both by the Counsell and
Committees: But m* Wrote said I must nowe vnwillingly come to an
accusaéon against S' Edwin Sandys and the two Deputies and tooke
exception against the first Comittee spoken of before the Virginia
Quarter Court, sayinge, it was verie ceiatly some men talkinge
pluately by the fireside, w™ he said was m* Deputies fault who ought
to be the Moderato’ of Committees beside the Secretary was not there,
To w™ m’ Deputy aunsweared thet-he-did-net-trewe that he did not

174 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

knowe that it was any essentiall matter, whither the Secretary were
there or no; whose place himselfe had many times supplied when
there was need or occasion of writinge, but many and the most sort¢€
of matters resolued on by Comittees were vsually reported by some
\lone|| of them to the Court. As for the disorderlynes that was spoken
of, that was their owne, not his fault who could wish more orderly -
nes, But that and many other thing@ he was glad to passe ouer,
because that men would do when they came as themselues pleased,
and it was not for him to reproue them.

M' Wrote further obiected that neither the Counsell eaxd ||nor|| Com-
ittees had authority giuen them to treat of that matter of Salaries
because it was not perticulerly sett downe, But m‘’ Deputy made
Answeare, that it was the selfe same great Coffiittee, to whome by the
Quarter Courte in Somer, All thinge belonginge to the Bargaine were
comitted to be by them prepared and digested who thereby had
authority sufficient, although they had not this later time been desired
to consider of and prepare all such thing€ as were necessarie to be
passed in the Quarter Court when the bargaine should be absolutely
concluded and ratified by the Lord Treasuror.

M”’ Wrote said further that there were thinge brought into the Court
as the iudgement of the Comittees concerninge point€ referred vnto
them by the Court w™ were not their doing¢ w™ m’ Deputy denied and
willed him to instance one example: Wherevpon he said the matter
of petigons, w™ m* Deputy at the begininge of the Court brought downe
vuto him wett and asked him howe he liked it: But m* Deputy replied,
that though m* Wrote was absent yet the Comiittees mett twice there-
about, and that himselfe by their entreaty drewe vp the thinge in their
presence and appealed for wittnes vnto them that were present. [115]

M’ Wrote f#ether challenged m‘ Deputy for wronge entringe of a Court
w™ m* Deputy denied and willed him to be better aduised.

M’ Deputy made protestaéon of his owne integrity in the buissines of
Salaries and that for the two great Salaries whereat onely men might

DECEMBER 4, 1622 . 175

stumble (for the other they could not be deemed but with the least)
he said he knewe those Offices were most vnwillingly accepted of by
them, especially by one of them, who but for conscience sake and the
seruice of the Companie he knewe would neuer haue taken the place
and concluded that for his part if any could shewe a better course then
was beguii he would ioyne with them, and so he doubted not, but all
the Counsell and Companie would doe, but desired that thinge might
be propounded in an orderly and due manner.

S' Edwin Sandys said that m* Wrote in vndermyninge the seuerall -
parte of the Contract and matters incident therevnto beinge sowe con -
cluded with the Kinge did wronge the State, m' Wrote protested he
spake nothing against the Contract but onely against the Salaries.

M’ Bromefeild signified much greife for m*’ Wrots proceeding€ and
concluded there was much time spent to no purpose for it could not
be that any thinge could be altered till the next Quarter Court if then
there were any cause.

S' Edwin Sandys tooke occasion in defence of this Contract to informe
the Court of the manner of the bargaines proceeding from the verie
begininge and howe that they were by necessity of continuall preiu-
dices drawne on by their proiect€ (who it seemeth more affected their
owne priuate Comodity then the prosperinge or subsistinge of the
Plantaéons to a willingnes yea and desire of makinge some Contract
w" his Ma“ hopinge vnder it to enioye, all graceous fauo‘ in their
buissinesses: ffirst he said there was 6* p “ laid vpon Tobacco aboue
the former Custome, And although the Patent did clearely free them
from it, yet they were opposed by so tough an aduersary (who farmed
the 6°) that that it was to their losse at one time to the value of aboue
1000" sterlinge. The next yeare after vpon the Patent for sole
Importaéon graunted vnto S' Thomas Roe and his Associatt they were
constrayned from bringinge in any more then 55000 waight from both
the Plantations: And the yeare imediately following (it seemeth vpon
some newe Proiect) he heard that they required to bringe in all the
Tobacco of both Plantations. [116]

176 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The variety of crosses aduised them to listen to the makinge of some
setled Contract with his Ma“* aswell for his Ma“ proffitt as for the
benefitt of the PlantaGons thereby to exclude newe practises of the
same or other newe Proiectors, and yet this verie Contract for sole
Importaéon had his begininge from an offer made by some principall
Members of the Companie, (one whereof was then present) as was
openly deliuered at the Counsell Bourd by a verie Hono” pson in the
hearinge of many on both sid¢€ then attendinge w™ offer of theirs
beinge of a large proporéon of money was the occasion of those courses
w*" haue bin since pursued w™ in fine are determined in this Contract,
w as it hath pursued in all the most materiall point¢ ard ||the|| indge-
ment of the howse of Coffions in the late Assembly of Parliament,
so he hoped that beinge waighed in the balance of equall iudgement
(the present State of all thing¢ considered) to tend both to the safety
and benifitt of the Plantations and noe lesse to the reasonable proffitt
of all Aduenturers.

M’* Alderman Iohnson said that it was another bargaine that he offered,
but for this bargaine he was sure it was said in the Towne, it was S™
Edwin Sandys contrivinge and for the Salaries his opinion was that
if the buissines thriued well they should ||well|| deserue them; and
lm’ Alderman|| protested further that by the oath he had taken, he
neuer went about any bargaine but once with S* Edwin Sandys and
S' Iohn Wolstenholme to the Counsell Table beinge sent by the Com-
panie and for the Companies ||vsel]._ m* Caswell said that what 8’
Edwin Sandys had reported was true for he heard it.

M' Wrote said that because he could not haue thinge put to the ques-
tion, and for diuers other reasons of offence he did appeale to the
Quarter Court, Awd m™ Wrote also demeanded ||desired|| that they
would take some course for the poore Planters seinge he could not be
possessed of his owne good but must come into the Companies hand¢
whereby they must attend their sale and in the meane time haue not
wherewithall to furnish himseHe with necessaries.

S' Edwin Sandys said that they had had consultaéon diuers times
about that matter.

DECEMBER 4, 1622 me 177

To w™ m' Deputy replied that this pointe had not bin forgotten but
seriously taken into consideraéon, and that in reguard in the man-
aginge of the Contract there was not onely matter of proffitt to be
reguarded but there would adse ||likewise|| occurr many [117] pointe
of Iustice and equity; besid¢ other matters of very high nature, the
Companie had conceaued fitt besid¢ the ordinary Cofittee w™ consisted
of men fitt for Tradinge to choose another extraordinary Comittee of
gentlemen all of them of the Counsell, of w number m' Wrote him-
selfe was one, who were to assist the buissines with their best Coun-
sell espeacially in buissinesses of this nature wherefore he desired him,
if he had any thinge in this pointe for the accomodatinge of the Plant-
ers, (w® the Counsell and Comittees were exceedingly solicitous
of) that he would at their meetinge deliuer it vnto them.

In the ende the Court beinge much scandalized at the disorder-
lynes vsed in callinge in question and disputinge of matters ordered
in the Quarter Court, vrged that it might be put to the question
whither this matter should be at all disputed, but in a Quarter Co™
w beinge accordingly donne it was ordered it should be silenced till
the next Quarter Court.

After this it beinge verie late, the Lord Cauendish moued the Co" in
the behalfe of a worthie gentleman m* * Zouch that his Ip: said
had attended longe for answeare who purposinge to transport good
store of people to Virginia and to goe ouer himselfe in person, there
to plant and inhabite, desired a Patent might be graunted him at the
next Quarter Court ||w the Court agreed vntol| and gaue order to the
Secretary to drawe vp one for him against the time.

His lp: further acquainted the Court that this gentleman beinge
desirous to haue had some place of comaund in Virginia and findinge
the Companie for the present had no place there for him fittinge his
quality was therefore an humble Suito" to the Kings Ma**, that
Whereas by his Highnes Letters Patent€ vnto the Company there is
reserued to his Ma vse a fift part of the gold and Siluer Oare that

1A blank space in the manuscript.
16456—voL 2—06——12

178 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

shalbe found in Virginia his Ma“* would please to appointe him to be
the Receauo’ thereof But such was his Ma" graceous fauo’ vnto the
Companie that he would in no wise graunt him his said Suite vntill
he brought a Certificate from the Companie of their consent herevnto:
W" Certificate m* Zouch did nowe solicite the Companie ||for|:
Wherevpon the Court takinge it into their consideraéon after some
deliberaéon had thereon ordered a Certificate to be drawne vp to this
effect vizt.

Whereas the Companie for Virginia are informed that vpon m‘ ’
Zouch his humble petiéon vnto the Kinge for the office of [118]
Receauo’ of his Ma“ Rent¢ in Virginia arisinge by a fift part of the
gold and Siluer oare, reserued to his Ma“ vse that shalbe there found
from time to time; It pleased his Ma“* out of his accustomed goodnes
and fauor vnto the said Companie to suspend the graunt of the said
office vntill it might appeare the Companie were made acquainted
therewith: Wherefore the said Companie at the instant request of the
said m* Zouch at a generall Court held the 4 of December i622 hav-
inge duely considered thereof, do hereby certifie that they conceaue it
is ||not|| in their power by his Ma‘ Letters Patente vnto them to con-
stitute any such officer in Virginia for the Kinge, but rather the place
is absolutely in his Ma” free guift and dispose: Notwithstandinge they
do humbly acknowledge themselues bound in the highest degree of
thankefullnes vnto his Ma“ for his graceous fauo’ and respect toward¢
them in this particuler: As for the pson of m* * Zouch if it shall
please his Ma‘* to conferre the place vpon him, they conceaue him to
be most fitt for it and shalbe glad thereof.

1A blank space in the manuscript.

JANUARY 29, 1683

At a Court HELD FOR VIRGINIA
ON WEDENSDAY THE 297" or [ANUARY

1622

PRESENT

Right Hono™ Ea: of Southampton.

8S" Edw: Sackuill.
S' ffran: Leigh.

S' Hen: Mildmay.
S' Tho: ffinch.

S' Edw: Sandys.
S* Phil: Carey.

8S" Io: Brooke.

S' Ro: Killigrewe.
S* Io: Dauers.

S’ Lawr: Hide.

S' Tho: Wroth.

S’ Hen: Crofte.

S' Io: Wolstenholme.
S' Roger Twisden.
S’ Edw: Lawley.
m’ Alderman Iohnson.
m’* Gibbs.

mn’ Brooke.

mn’ Scott.

m’ Cartwright.

m’ Leat.

m’ Caninge.

Ka of Dorsett.
Lo Cauendish.
Lo Dauers.
Lo: Denny.
Lo Maynard.

m’ Nich: Hide.
Do’ Anthony.

m’ Nich’ ffarrar Dpt.

Im? Berblock. ||
m’ Herbert.

m’ Io: Smith.
m’ Ro: Smith.
m'* Binge.

m’ Jo: ffarrer.
m’* Kightley.

m’* Shipard.

m’* Bulkly.

m’ Christ: Earle.
m’ Edw: Palmer.
m’ Steward.

m’ Bromefeild.
m’ Risely.

m’ Rich: Bennett.
m’ Edw: Bennett.

m* Askough.
m’ Swinhowe.

m’ Edw: Iohnson.
m'‘ Io: Wolstenholme.
m' Mole.

m’* Copeland.

m’* Tomlins.

m’* Balmeford.

m1’ Io: Elkin.

m’ Paulavicine.
m’ ffoxten.

Capt: Gifford.
Capt: Martin.

m’ Wilmer.

m* Robert.

Capt: Haruy.

m* Raph ffreake.
Do* Meddus.

[119]

m’ Swaine.

m* Woodall.
m”* Langley.
m’ Browne.

180 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’ Bland.
m’* Bull.

m’ Darnelly.
m* Bowater.
m* Swayne.
m’ Tucker.
m’ Ditchfeild.
m' Dawes.
m’ Caswell.
m’ Rogers.
m’ Nichollé.
m’ Barbo’.
m* Lambe.
m’ Leuer.
m’ Moorer.

mCaswel ||m* Couell.||

m’* ffelgate.
m’ D’ Lawne.
m’ Withers.
m‘ Boothby.
m’* Seaward.
m’ Bolton.
m* Masterson.
mn’ Biddolph.
m’ Clarke.

m’ Ley.

m* Lawrence.

m’ Eldred.

m* Widdowes.
m’ Baynham.
m’ Maurice.
m’ Etheridge.
m’ Stone.

m’ Meuerell.
m’ Edwarde.

m' Io: Porter.

m’ Welle.

m’ Morewood.

m’ Barker.
m’ Rooke.
m’ Percy.

m’ Tomlins.
m’ Windham.
m’ Hobbs.
m’ Viner.

m’ Tones.

m’ Wiffin.
m* Mellinge.
m’* Hackett.
m' Hart.

m’* Sparrowe.
m’ Newport.
m' Harrison.
m’* Russell.

m’ Woodnorth.

m’ Tho: Carter.

m’ Strange.

m’ Butler.

m'‘ Truloue.

m’ Kirby.

m’ Perry.

m’ Tho: Waterhowse.

mn’ ffran: Waterhowse.

m’ Birkett.

m’ Elkington.

m’ Lake.

m* Ouer.

m’ Shelden.

m’ Pemble.

m* Combs.

m* Sparrowe.

m’ Groce.

m1’ Cuffe.

m’ Collett.

m™ Webbe.

m’ Wheatley.

m’ Derge.

m’ Abra: Peirs.

m’ Procter.

m’ Rider.

m’ Oliuer Morden.

m* W™ Vesie.

m* Robins with diuers
others.

At this Court was read first the Court for Virginia held on the Suffer
Tlande Quarter Court daye the 27" of Nouember: After w™ a good
pause beinge made, the Ea: of Southamptonn signified that he pro-
ceeded after this manner from the verie begiiinge, whereby if any
would take exception at what was sett downe they might haue liberty

“SANUARY 29, 1688 181

to speake to it: But no exception beinge taken thereat, his lp: caused
the next Court to be read beinge that of the 4" of Decemb’ W“ donne
Capt: Martin made request that his old Patent might be redeliuered
him, beinge but deposited in the Secretaries hand€ vpon trust and
therevpon desired 8’ Edward Sackuill (at whose moéon he resigned
in Court) to speake howe it was, who said that true it was he aduised
him to deliuer it vp, because it was exorbitant and vnlawfull, but said
confidently that his surrender was absolute and therevpon the Court
was pleased to promise him a newe Patent as large as had bin graunted
to any other, and touchinge the insufficiency of his old Patent he was —
told the M* of the Rolls had receaued good satisfacéon, Capt: Martin
herevpon desired he might have a Patent accordinge to the Kings
Letters Patents and the Articles; But he was answeared the Com-
panie would [120] not make newe formes of Patent¢ for him, but was
offered as large a Patent as that graunted to my Lo: of Southampton
himselfe or any other auncient Aduenturer whatsoever, But Capt:
Martin presented in Court a Booke entituled Noua Brittania with a
Publication thervnto affixed, signed by the Ea: of Southampton and
Some others: In w™ booke he said there was promised 500 acres for
a single share: W™ beinge pervsed, and the word€ were found to be
not of promise but of hope that vpon diuision there might be allotted
so much hereafter vpon a share, but the Booke was noe Act of the
Court but a private mans worke.

After this the Ea: of Southampton addressed himselfe to m* Wrote
admonishinge him that nowe he had heard the last Court read and
the seuerall passages therein, he would applie himselfe and direct his
speach wholly vnto the part€ thereof, and declare freely, whither
matters were truely sett downe or noe, Wherevpon m* Wrote humbly
praid his lpe and the rest of the Lord¢ and others of the Counsell, that
they would please to giue him a full hearinge and that such excep-
tions as he should nowe make to the settinge downe of that Court
might be admitted and entred w™ he said were of three sort, first of
Omissions, Secondly for insertinge the order of his speach and not
settinge downe thing¢ in their due place, Thirdly for that it was not
donn with that candor and fairenes toward¢ him as ought.

182 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

And beinge required to goe on accordinge to that order, he said first
there was an omission of a speach of his in answeare of the Lo: Cau-
endishes to this effect followinge: That he did not pstring the Acéons
of the Counsell, for he acknowledged the Ea: of Southton€ proceed-
inge to be alwayes like himselfe, most noble, direct, iust, and plaine,
but he said he spake onely of some thing@ donn in his lp* absence
when he was out of Towne whereof his lp: could take noe notice,
And desired the Court to consider that he did not then beate the Aire
or fought for nothinge, for he said he was at that time much pro-
uoaked first by m* Deputy who charged him of ignorance, Secondly
by S* Edwin Sandys who said he had donn wronge to the Stace
Thirdly by the Lord Cauendish who was heauy and personall.

To the first m’ Deputy made Answeare that in then speakinge that
word he did with the same breath explaine himselfe, sayinge I meane
ignorance of fact because you were not present.

To the second S* Edwin Sandys said that if m*’ Wrote was prouoaked
by his speach it was against his will he beinge a gentleman that he
had [121] much respected, and that for the word¢ w™ m’ Wrote nowe
challenged him of they were spoken after ||that|| m’ Wrote had speke
so violently ||spoken|| against the carriage of those buissinesses in the
Quarter Court so that it was Prouocatio post factum.

And the Lo: Cauendish told him that the word¢ he then spake could
not be otherwise interpreted but spake against the Contract.

M’ Wrote herevpon made a request vnto the Court that Wittnesses on
either side might be examined, and that he might not be proceeded
against vpon mens memories, and that he might haue liberty to except
against some of them, and desired (because his Cause might be a lead -
inge example) that his Tryall might be legall and by the Quarter
Court vnto w™ he appealed.

His lp: answeared that he could not haue a better tryall of the trueth
of thinge sett downe in the Court then by such as were present at that
Court that both heard and sawe what passed on either side.

JANUARY 29, 1623 , 183

But m' Wrote desired his request might be put to the iudgement of
the Court the-0f Oetebertast whither it were not equall that he
required.’

M’ Wrote also charged m* Deputy for the false entringe of a Court
the 7" of October last, whereby the Company was brought into debt
3000". To w” m* Deputy answeared that for the entringe of that
Court it was truely and faithfully sett downe by the Secretary and
himselfe accordinge to the passages and meaninge of the Court as
they conceaued, and was as the order is read on the next Court day
followinge, at the readinge whereof m* Wrote himselfe was, and tooke
no exceptions, w” if he had knowne there had bin any falsity he
ought to haue donne, and otherwise was guiltie of that falsificaton
w* he nowe challenged him of, But m* Deputy said he would by
them that were present sufficiently proue the Court to be true entred:
And as for settinge of the Companie 3000" in debt there was no such
manner of thinge.

But the Ea: of Southampton said they were gonne quite from the
buissines they had in hand and asked m* Wrote why he refused to be
tryed by this Court who aunsweared, he had iust cause to decline
the testimoneyes of such as were partiall but desired he might haue
liberty to take a full informaéon from those that were then present the
Court consistinge of Threescore psons: and complained of the longe
intermission of the Co™ as if they had bin put of — to his
preiudice. [122]

Wherevpon the Lo: Cauendish declared vpon what occasion the
Court€ were put of namely 8" Iohn Brooke accompanied with m’ Iohn
ffarrar cominge vnto him, S‘ Iohn Brooke told him that he founde
m’ Wrote sorrie for what he had donn and that if my Lo: of South-
ampton had not bin gonn out of Towne he would haue gonn to him
to haue giuen his Ip: satisfaccon: Wherevpon he willed that m’ Wrote
would sett downe his submission vnder his hand: w™ he would send
vnto my Lo: of Southampton, and therevpon S' Iohn Brooke in m'
Wrotes behalfe desired his lp; that the Virginia Court w™ was the
next daye to be kept might be put of; for if y° proceedingé of the

184 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

former Court should be openly read he was then bound to stand vpon
his iustificaéon and for these reasons, at 8' Iohn Brooks earnest
request in m‘ Wrotes behalfe, his lp: caused that Court le be put of
and for no other reason.’

Wherevpon §* Iohn Brooke acknowledged the trueth of what the Lord
Cauendish had deliuered and for that reason the Court was put of:
But m‘ Wrote said he offered not any Submission, but desired peace
vpon certaine free condiéons vizt, That his suspenéon from the Coun-
sell should be revoaked, that he should be restored to my Lord of
Southamptons fauo’ and that nothing should be entred in the Court
to his disparagement: Wherevnto S" John Brooke replied that he did
not well remember what was then in perticular spoken for he did not
thinke he should be called to an Account for it, but said his principall
end and ayme in this was to haue made a peace if it had bin possible.

M’ Brooke said that somethinge of necessity must be donn for the
hono’ of this Court w had bin much scandalized by m*™ Wrote as for
m’* Wrots appeale to a Quarter Court he said, it was rather an Appeale
from the Quarter Court by Spinninge out the time: And whereas m‘
Wrote moued for liberty to appointe some to take deposiéons of Witt-
nesses on his behalfe he held his moéon to be verie inconvenient and
vnfitt, for neither could any but the Deputy and Secretary take the
deposi@ons, and besid€ such manner of proceeding€ would cause a
number of great inconveniences that would neuer haue an end, and
wished m’ Wrote to be better aduised in his speeches, and not seeke
thereby to abuse mens iudgements for whereas he said the proceeding€
of the Parliament vpon an offender was no president for an Inferio’
Court, he said, the greater Court is, the better president; and that an
affront euen to the Court of Pipowder is lyable to censure and pun-
ishment, and therefore much more to so Hono” a Court as this was.

The Ea: of Southampton said that m* Wrote ought not toteach them
howe to iudge, but willed him to hold to the buissines in hand and to
declare whither his word were truely sett downe in that Co™ [123]
or no sayinge he had beguii well and should proceed on still in the
same manner to declare the rest of the omissions and his other excep-

JANUARY 29, 1623 185

tions, m* Wrote excepted against the whole Court, sayinge he spake
not those word¢ neither in manner nor forme as they were sett downe,
and therefore moued that seinge the Court was eight weeke in settinge
downe he might haue leaue sometimes to ouersee and pervse the same:
And moued further that seeinge they were newe falne vpon matter
of Sallaries in this great heate of dispute beinge the stringe whereat
he chiefely strooke, that therefore the Salary men might not be pres-
ent when that buissines was put to the question: And as for m' Deputy

he excepted against him as his Accuser.

M’* Deputy said he was no Accuser of m’ Wrote as was well knowne,
for the true recordinge of the Court it was the duty of his place and
protestinge that he did not knowe of any thinge sett downe amisse nor
willingly omitted any thinge to m* Wrots preiudice, and besought the
Ea: of Southampton that the Court might be examined by parte.

M’ Herbert said that it was to be considered whither they will by
Wittnesses or by the whole Court then present examine whither the
said Courts be truely or falsely sett downe w™ he conceaued was most
fittly to be donn by those that were then present

M* Lawrence Hide said that the Custome of the Court is the lawe
of the Court and finde m* Wrote haue erred exceedingly against it,
and cannot excuse him of folly that he moues frem §for§ flyinge from
the Court, and therefore admonished him to confesse his erro’ and if
he refuse, he feares he hath some worse end¢ in this course he hold@.

The Ea: of Southampton after many digressions made by m‘* Wrote
recalled him to the present buissines of the Court in question demaund -
ing of him what exceptions he could take against it, : m’ Wrote
replied he excepted in euery perticuler matter in that Court that
concerned him.

At length for rectifyinge the Court and for makinge this a leadinge
President, it was proposed whither the Cempany Court would admit
of any exafiinaéon of Wittnesses vpon oath and such other courses as
m’ Wrote desired for Tryall of this buissines or noe, or whither they
would trye it by the testimony of them that were present w™ beinge

186 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

put to the question it was by a generall erec@on of hand€ agreed and
ordered that it shalbe only tryed by those that were then present and
eare Wittnesses and not by any such newe and vnusuall courses [124]
as were desired: And because it might be the more exactly & cer-
tainly donn, it was proposed by some that a large Comittee might be
chosen out of them that were present at that Court to examine the
true entry and thereof to make report.

But S* Iohn Dauers said that a great inconvenience will befall the
Companie to recomitt that w™ is sett downe by sworne Officers, for
that any man out of this example may thereby question and trouble
the Court infinitely.

M’ Withers said he had seen and bin conversant in many Court but
neuer sawe matters Recorded by a sworne Officer to be questioned.

At length much time beinge spent in this pointe, it was agreed and
ordered by a general] erecéon of hand¢ that for examininge and recti-
fyinge the aforesaid Court of the 4° of December, those onely who
were then present (as the most competent wittnesses in this case)
shalbe againe warned by the Officer to meet on ffriday next to examine
duely the perticular passages of the said Court whither it be rightly
sett downe by the Secretary or no: And hauinge so rectified the same
to the best of their knowledge and memory are to make their report
vnto the next Court of their proceeding¢ therein.

The Ka: of Southampton also desired so many of the said Court as
were nowe present would take notice of the meetinge on ffriday in
case the Officer should not warne them all, in respect the Seeré had
not taken the names of all that were present at that Co”.

This beinge dens ||passed|| m’ Wrote moued for a Coppie of the said
Co™ whereby he might the better informe himselfe of what had passed
and make his exceptions vnto each pticuler the more full, but this was
by diuers thought verie inconvenient for many waightie reasons and
an ill President and that phaps vse might be made thereof, much to
the Companies preiudice, And m’ Io: Smith said that since the trueth
of the Court was denied by m* Wrote, and not as yet confirmed by the
Court it was not a Record, so as it was but onely to be accounted as a

JANUARY 29, 1628 187

scroll or priuate writinge and therefore it was not fitt to deliuer hie
any Coppie of it, till beinge fully confirmed and approued it might
haue the authority of a Record: Wherevpon it beinge put to the ques-
tion, whither m* Wrote should haue a Coppie e£+4+ ||It|| was by erectéon
of handé denied him.

But it was ordered that he might haue if he would pvse it as long as
he pleased. [125]

After this m’ Wrote moued that he might take not€, wherevnto
Answeare was made, that if he might haue leaue to take what note he
would it were all one to let him haue a Coppie:

Lastly the Act of Counsell touchinge m* Wrote was read.

AT A MEETINGE OF HIS Ma™
CoUNSELL FOR VIRGINIA AT M* Deputy
ffARRARS HOWSE IN S’ Situs LANE
ON WEDENSDAY THE 11™ oF DeEcEMB*® 1622

PRESENT

Right Hono’ Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Padgett.
S' Io: Brooke ||ats Cobham.
S'* Edwin Sandys.
S' Io: Dauers.
S* Io: Wolstéholme.

m’ Brooke. m’ Ro: Smith.
m’ Gibbs. mm’ Kightley.

m’ Do’ Gulstone. m’ Nich? ffarrar.
m’ Io: Wroth. m’‘ Binge.

m’ Herbert. mm’ Wrote.

m’ Io: Smith.

m1’ Jo: ffarrar.

188 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Ea: of Southampton signified that the occasion of eallinge this
Counsell together was to acquainte them with a late informaéon he
had receaued since his beinge in the Countrie touchinge m* Wrote
who as he had heard had comitted a great indiscreGon at the last
Court held this day sennight by speakinge after violent and turbulent
manner aswell against some point€ incident to the Contract, as also
against the proceeding€ of the Counsell and Comittee together with
the Acte of the Quarter Court€ w™ had confirmed the same, bend-
inge his speach also to the wronge and disgrace of some principall
Members of the Companie who had bin imployed in that buissines,
whereof he said the Lord Cauendish had in generall aduertized him
by his letter without naminge the man that had so donn as might
appeare by the Letter it selfe w® his lp: offered to shewe him, w™
disorder his Ip: said was the occasion of his cominge vp to Towne and
of his beinge here at this present and therevpon charged m‘* Wrote
\|to|| declare whither this informaéon were true or noe, who therevpon
said that at his first settinge downe in this Assembly he conceaued
himselfe to be free but being [126] nowe charged as a Delinquent he
was to answeare in his owne defence: And therevpon touchinge the
matters laid to his charge he freely protested against any power or
iurisdicéon the Counsell §could§ haue to question him for that he then
spake, consideringe he had (as he said) appealed vnto a Quarter
Court, wherevnto he would only submitt himselfe: But he would con-
ferr with them if they would, And withall he accused m* Deputy of
havinge falsely entred the Court of the 7° of Octob’ last either by his
or the Secretaries fault and contrarie to the true meaninge of the Court
then held whereby he said the Company were brought into 3000"
Debt: W™ speach beinge delivered by m* Wrote in a verie violent and
contemptuous manner; in w™ selfe same manner also m™ Wrote had
carried himselfe toward the Ea: of Southampton at his first cominge
into the Roome before the settinge downe of the Counsell ||his Ip.
repeating the same briefly to the Counsell|| proceeded to aske m'
Wrote what he meant thereby and whither he tooke himselfe to be so
great a man that they were all as Pigmies in his sight, and added that
he did not knowe him to be any Prince of the Bloude, and therefore
if it pleased him he might carrie himselfe with more calmenes and
respect.

JANUARY 29,1688 |. ..+ 189

Wherevnto m" Deputy replied to the perticuler Accusaéon made
against himselfe that it was of a verie high nature and deepely
concerned the Companie, for the Court€ beinge the Companies
Record¢, the charginge of them with falshood was to call all the pro-
ceeding of the Companies into question: And that for himselfe if it
should be found that he had donn any such thinge, he deserued pun-
ishment, and therevpon briefely declared the manner of the entringe
of Court€, howe that the Secretary hauinge drawne them vp brought
them to him and he accordinge to the Companies order perused them,
and so they were read in the next Court: And accordingly he said
was that Court nowe spoken of by m* Wrote, and no exceptions taken
against it. In the end he humbly desired that this matter might be
strictly examined.

But the Ea: of Southampton said that this was not the buissines they
had nowe in hand nor pertinent therevnto, but should be taken into
consideraéon in due time and place and therefore required m* Deputy
to declare in ble breife the matters that m‘’ Wrote did so much
inveigh against at the last Court: Wherevpon m‘ Deputy said that
m’ Wrote did then insist vpon these three point¢ vizt.

1. The lesseninge of the fower Shares.

2. The Comp: bearinge the 10" pt: in y® Ioint Stocke for

bringinge home the Spanish Tobacco.
3. The Salaries.

But his lp: said that because not onely the matter it selfe he spake
of, but his manner of speakinge might much augment his offence he
therefore required m™ Deputy to deliuer what his word¢ were [127]
concerninge these pticulers: Whererevpon m* Deputy beinge much
pressed herevnto said that m’ Wrote declared himselfe herein with
a great deale of passion w™ he conceaued did much mislead and
distemp him.

But the Ea: of Southampton said he had heard m‘ Wrote should saye
the buissines was not fairely carried; but matters were hudled vp,
thet ||and|| some thing€ were fowly and surreptitiously carried, with
much art and to priuate end¢ and that the Companies durst not speake
because they were ouerawed.

190 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M’ Wrote protested he spake not against the Contract but against the
proceeding¢ of the Comittee and against S' Edwin Sandys and the
two Deputies acknowledginge that he then said (and was of the same
minde still) that they had vsed much art in the carriage of this
buissines.

Wherevpon m’ Brooke the Lawyer said that in all Court¢ of iustice
it was a thinge certaine that if a man speake to the disgrace of the
Judge or his indgement |lor the Court|| he was subiect to fine and
comittment at the pleasure of the Indge, and so in priuate Corporaéons
where any shall speake to the disgrace of the pson of the Gouerno’
or Acte of the Court or gouerment thereof, he conceaued the like
censure and punishment might passe vpon him.

But m’ Wrote replied he was not nowe Coram Iudice and therefore
they could not censure him of w™ opinion m’ Binge was also speak-
inge (as he said) out of his experience and knowledge in the Ciuill
Lawe

M’ Deputy beinge againe much pressed by the Lordé to deliuer clearely
and fully what m’ Wrote had spoken in open Court as being bound so
to doe by the duety of his place (especially when -he was therevnto
required by the Counsell) said that he well remembred that m* Wrote
said then the buissines was not carried fairely and did also well remem-
ber that himselfe did saye the buissines was not surreptitiously car-
ried, but whither m’ Wrote said the-buissizes ||It|| was surreptitiously
carried or no, he remembred not, but he conceaued he spake not onely
of the proceeding of the Comittee but generally of the whole
buissines.

M' Deputy was generally blamed of the Counsell as seeminge out of
his private respect to m’ Wrote to remisse in his duety to the pub-
lique: The Ea: of Southampton protested that if himselfe had [128]
bin in Court, he would not haue required another to kee declared
m* Wrots proceedings, and so his lp: and the rest of the Counsell
(seeminge to require of some other the pformance of that duety wherein
m* Deputy was so backeward) the Lo: Cauendish said that if m’ Dep-

JANUARY 99, 1623 191

uty would not pforme his Duty beinge required by the Counsell they
must fall vpon him, and m* Brooke was of the same opinion.

Wherevpon m’ Wrote replied to the Lord Cauendish, then you had
best be my Accuser, w™ vnreverend speach was much distasted by the
Counsell and the Ha: of Southampton told him, that although they
were all Counsellors, yet there was verie great difference between the
psons of diuers of them and in pticuler between m‘’ Wrotes and the
Lord Cauendishes to whome he ought more respectfull behauio’ and
language.

But m‘ Io: ffarrar said that m‘ Wrote questioned the Gouerm', and
the Act and power of the Quarter Court ||in open termes|| sayinge
he would do it againe and againe, though he was told often that he
ought not to doe it, and the Court by hand¢ had ordered accordingly
as beinge contrary to all lawe and custome and to noe purpose but to
disturbe the proceeding€ of the Company yet could not pswade m’
Wrote to be quiet m‘ Wrote replied that he said the Quarter Court
had no power by the lawes of the Companie to deriue that authority
they did to an inferio' Court except in cases, either of inevitable
necessity or evident vtility but in this case there was no such thinge
to enforce the same: Wherevnto St Edwin Sandys made Answeare
that by his owne word¢ it was apparant he questioned the power of
the Quarter Court and therefore his speach concerned the maine body
of the Contract, but he said he would nowe goe vpon his owne graunt
and that forsomuch as the maine bodie of the Contract was so solemly
ratified in a Quarter Court and that there fell out some smale differ-
ence between the Lord Treasuror and the Companie w™ could not be
at that time accorded without further conference, there was herevpon
an inevitable necessity of transmittinge the authority of the said
Quarter Court vnto another Court to ioyne with the said Sufier
Tlande Companie in their ||Quarter|| Court to debate further of the
said differences, and to ioyne in a finall conclusion of the said Bar-
gaine and other thing¢ thereto incident.

Hee said further touchinge his elecéon to be the Directo’ that although
he was ||most|| vnwillinge as diuers then present could wittnesse to

192 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

take the place w™ was so earnestly pressed vpon him by the [129]
Court, yet beinge chosen therevnto, and the Lord Treasurors eye
beinge nowe fixed vpon him he could do no lesse then labo’ a finall
conclusion of all matters incident to the said Contract together with
the Contract it selfe.

But touchinge m* Wrots carriage of himselfe in this buissines he said
he had obserued two mayne materiall exceptions w™ in his opinion
were iustly to be taken against him, first for that he inveighed against
that w™ beinge ordered by the Quarter Court could not be reformed
for the present, Secondly in that he sought to mainetaine his opin-
ion by misallegaéons aswell of the lawes of the Realme, as also of the
lawes of this Companie by the one dishartninge and deterringe of the
Companie from proceedinge in the Contract as it was nowe concluded
and ordered, by the other insinuatinge into the mind¢ of his Hearers
a conceit of ill carriage by the Counsell and Comittees contrary to the
established lawes and orders of the Companie.

Touchinge the lawes of the Realme he said that m*’ Wrote then
deliuered that by drawinge the generall body of the Companie into
bearinge a part of this Contract and by giuinge the Seale for the
pformance thereof they engaged the priuate estate of euery pticuler
Member to be aunswearable to the Kinge what dammage soeuer
should befall in w® Allegaéon as he clearely failed in his indgement
in pointe of lawe so he vsed this ill meanes to ||a|| worse end, and con-
clusion namly the disturbance of the Contract so solemnly concluded
with the Kinge and nowe not to be revoaked.

And touchinge the lawes of the Companie he manifestly misalledged
them to the great, wronge aswell of the Counsell as of the Comittees
who to his vnderstandinge had punctually obserued them in all thinge
as namely in makinge Shewe that they were to loose their voices for
a yeare who had moued to drawe the Companie into matter of charge
without shewinge meanes howe to defray the same and applyinge this
lawe to the Propositions for Salaries whereas first it was no matter of
charge to the Companie, beinge not to be raised out of their Stocke
but out of the Tobacco to be brought in, and secondly it was not the

JANUARY 99, 1608 © =: . 193

moéon of any pticuler pson w™ is onely forbidden in that lawe, but
proceeded from an Act of the Counsell and Comiittees, where by the
waye he praid m* Wrote not to be troubled with the office and Salary
granted vnto him, for as he accepted of both most vnwillingly and in
sole obedience to the Court, So at the next Quarter Court he would
resigne both the one and the other.

In reply herevnto m* Wrote bid 8* Edwin Sandys put his speach into
a Sillogisme, and then he would answeare it for it was Argumentum
a Desperatis. [130]

Touchinge the matter of the lawe of the Realme m‘ Herbert beinge
nowe present was desired to deliuer his opinion who said that without
all question the priuate estat€ of men could not by lawe be made
lyable to paye that for w™ the whole Companie stood engaged, vnles
there did appeare a practise in some of the Companie to decline the
debte by indirect meanes of w™ opinion m’ Brooke was also and cited
a case longe since tryed in Westminster Hall vpon occasion of one
that beinge a member of the Corporation of Norwitch that stood
engaged at that time for debt was arrested in Westminster Hall for
the Debt of the said Corporation, w™ matter being forthw™ brought
to tryall he was acquitted by the iudgment of the Court for that the
] -ve in that case look€ not vpon any perticuler mans person or estate

the whole body of the Corporation as it is vnited and not in

the lawe w“ m” Wrote had cited with a kinde of skorne and

opt by terminge it to be one of 8’ Edwin Sandys lawes w™ saith

if any perticuler man proposed any matter of charg vnto the

:panie and could not finde meanes to defraye the charge and vphold

: Proieet, he was to be excluded from cominge to Courte¢: It plainely

“appeared by the worde of the Lawe it selfe to haue bin both misalledged
and misapplied.

My Lo: of Southampton demaunded of m* Wrote, why he did raise
and mainetaine so strangely that dangerous Proposiéon of the Seale,
it beinge a pointe of lawe and he no lawyer.

16456—vot 2—06——13

194 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

But m* Wrote said that since the last Court he had taken the opinion
of some learned Lawyeares by whome he was informed that mens

priuate estat€ were also subiect vnto the Companies engagement¢ by
their Seale.

Herevpon the Ea: of Southampton told him that he nowe sawe his
indiscreéon to be as great as he tooke it to be, that beinge of the
Counsell he would not impart his minde concerninge that pointe first
vunto them, but rather diuulge his opinion in open Court to the preiu-
dice of so mayne a buissines as the Contract was and that before he
was sufficiently grounded in that w™ he spake as appeared by his
owne report in askinge Counsell after he §had§ so confidently pub-
lished his opinion.

With this m* Wrote Departed sayinge that he came not thither to heare
ill worde. [131]

Wherevpon the Ea: of Southampton appealed vnto the iudgement of
the Counsell then present what iust occasion of offence hath bin giuen
m’ Wrote that he should goe awaye in that vnrespectiue manner: And
therevpon his lp: protested that seeinge he had so much wronged him
and the rest of the Counsell and Comittee in their proceeding€ and
spoken also against the Companie and Court€ and most scornefully
against the lawes in terminge them S* Edwin Sandys lawes and in
conclusion went away in that ill and most vneiuill fashion he expected
to be righted against him for so many wrongé and affront.

Wherevpon m* Gibbs said that m* Wrote was one, whose heart he
knewe as well as another and he protested he had alwayes heard him
speake with as much loue and respect to his hono’ as any man lyvinge,
so as he was pswaded in his soule and conscience he had not so much
as an ill thought against his Ip: in all that he had said but reguarded
and honoured him as much as any man whatsoeuer.

Wherevnto the Ea: of Southampton replied that he should be sorry
to haue liued soe that it should be in the power of m* Wrote to wronge
him in his Hono’ or reputaéon, but his lp: said that m™ Wrote hav-
inge complained that the Counsell and Comittee carried this buissines

‘ JANUARY 29, 1623 195

fowly and disorderly and against the lawes of the Company and to
priuate end¢€ howe that could be and himselfe cleare he could not
vnderstand: for he said that from the begininge to the end of this
buissines, he had #e+ bin ||not|| only priuy and consentinge to the pro-
ceedingé but the principall Acto’ also in them all.

As for the word ffowly (said by some of the Counsell to haue bin vsed
by m’ Wrote) m* Withers beinge called in by the Counsell testified it
likewise to haue bin so spoken by m* Wrote and that therevpon out of
his loue toward¢ him and to prevent his goeinge forward in such ill
termes, he replied againe sayinge that the buissines had bin fairely
carried and wished that if his Comiittiship did trouble him, it were the
price of his reconciliaéon.

After this the Counsell entringe into consultaéon what was fitt to be
donn herein for their reputaéon.

First m* Brooke deliuered his opinion that he conceaued it fitt that a
collecéon be made of those matters that are to be obiected against m‘
Wrote to be ripened against the next Quarter Court vnto w™ he hath
appealed for that (as he pretended and alledged) he was Coram non
Iudice. [132]

It was also thought fitt generally by all the Counsell then present in
reguard he had comiitted so great a contempt against the Counsell
there, that he be suspended from cominge any more to Counsell vntill
he cleare himselfe of those matters obiected against him and there-
vpon caused the Secretary to sett downe his suspenéon in manner
followinge

At a meetinge of his Ma‘ Counsell

for Virginia the 11 of December

1622

The said Counsell haue ordered that notice shalbe giuen to m*’ Wrote
by the Officer that in reguard he hath carried himselfe this daye
before them with verie vnfitt and vnrespectiue behauio® they thinke
fitt he forbeare from cofiinge to Counsell vntill those things he stand¢
charged with all be cleared.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

At a CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA

ON ffRIDAY THE LAST OF JANUARY
i622 BY ORDER OF A FORMER COURT HELD

THE BEPERH WEDENSDAY BEFORE

m* Alderm: Johnson.
m’ Tomlins.

m’ Deputy.

mm’ Io ffarrar.

m’ Gibbs.

m’ Wrote.

m’ Tho: Sheppard.
m’ Bromefeild.

m’ Wilmott.

m’ Barbo’.

m’” Withers.

m’ Bull.

m’* Mellinge.

m’ White.

m’ Cuffe.

m’* Edw: Iohnson.
m’ Io Wolstenholme.
m* Boothby.

Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Cauendish.

S’ Edwin Sandys.

S* Iohn Dauers.

m’ Caswell.
mm’ Bland.
m’ Woodall.

Captain Rossingham.

Capt: Gifford.
m’ Iadwin.

m’ Barbo’.

m’ Mole.

m’* Copeland.
m’* Bennett.
m’ Woodall.
m’* Widdowes.
ma’ Herbert.
m’ Sparrowe.
m’ Webbe.

m* Wiseman.
m’ Waterhowse.
m’ Seaward.

m* Wheatly.
m’ Woodall.

m’ Baynham.
m’ Bradwell.
m’ Ley.

m’ Roberte.

m’ Paulavicine.
m’ Bennett.

m'* Taylor.

m’ Zouch.

m’ Harrison.
m’ Leuer.

HH Verde

set eee te
with diuers others.

[133]

The Ea: of Southampton signified that this Court was extraordinary
and onely for one end, namely to veiwe a former Court of the 4" of
December last and that as the buissines was fixed so the Companie
was also, for that they and onely they that were then present were to

JANUARY 31, 1623 ye 197

be warned to be at this Court: Wherevpon S' Phillip Carey departed
sayinge, he was not then present: But m‘ Binge said that he con-
ceaued that notwithstandinge the order of the last Court, it was meant
it should be free for any to come and heare though not to giue their
vot€: Wherevpon m‘ Binge was desired to withdrawe himselfe till it
were put to the question whither those onely and noe other that were
at the former Court€ should be nowe present; It was by erecéon of
hand¢ ordered that noe other should be sent here, and therevpon m‘
Binge departed.

My lo: of Southampton propounded that for the better proceedinge
in this buissines the Court might be first read wholly ouer and after-
ward examined by part€ w™ was agreed vnto.

M’ Wrote demaunded whither this meetinge were a Court or a Cofiittee
and beinge resolued it was a Co™, though onely for one purpose, he
began after cofiendaéon of his lp* noble gouerment, to speake some-
what of the office of a Gouerno’ but his lp: recalled him to the buissines
of the daye, tellinge, it was not nowe time to make harangues touch-
inge the Duty of a Gouerno’.

M’ Edw: Iohnson the Lawyer declared his opinion that the Deputy
and Secretary were not by their duety bound to enter but onely the
maine passages of buissines concluded and the materiall point€ han-
dled in the Court€ and not matter of word€: Wherevpon it was no
preiudice to their reputaéon, that matter of word¢ should be reexam-
ined or reformed.

M' Wrote said that he suffered for the seruice of his Ma“ and for
pforming his Duty.

Hee also moued that all such as are salariated men might be excepted
from giuinge their votes when the matter comes to the Proposition of
| Salaries, because they were set interessed therein and might be
partiall.

The Ea: of Southampton aunsweared that his exception was vniust
to debarr them from bearinge of wittnesse of the truth of matters

198 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

passed, beinge chosen and approued by the Court as men of honestie
and integrity and it was not the case nowe, whither they should haue
Salaries or no, but whither the Co™ were right entred or noe and
accordinge as it passed. [134]

M' Wrote complayned that diuers psons were scattered in sundrie
places of the last ||Court|| who disswaded them that satt about them
from passing of #m¥ thinges in his fauo’ and therefore desired they
might be silenced, and he did not doubt but he should haue a noble
Tryall.

M’ Deputy answeared he knewe nothinge of that #"-m’ Wrote spake
but he was credibly informed that diuers strangers not free of the
Companie were there in fauo’ of m* Wrote and in pticuler two Tobac-
conist€ whose greatest desire is to ouerthrowe the bargaine, one of
them he knewe beinge his next neighbo* who did most violently
vrge, that m’ Wrote might haue a Coppie.

To this m’ Wrote replied that diuers lackies and Servingmen at the
Lower end of the Hall held vp their hand¢€ against him and com-
plained of m* Carter for it.

But m’ Deputy answeared that the matter of Coppie was carried by a
very great deale of Odd¢ in the number of hand¢ and that of those
that satt in the body of the Hall.

M’ Wrote said that m’ Brooke, m’ Smith and 8* Edwin Sandys onely
had spoken against the grauntinge him of a Coppie and thereby
hindred him, and seemed to complaine, that it was against the
course of all Court¢ of Iustice and praide God the same course might
be held when the like cause should befall him: To w™ S* Edwin
Sandys said Amen, wishinge he might neuer haue a fairer Tryall
nor better Iustice: And withall added that he did not conceaue m*
Wrote to be aceused but was the Accuser both of the Counsell and
Companie.

M’ Wrote complained of the Secretary that would not suffer him to
take note of the Co™ because as he said he had no order for it.

JANUARY 81, 1628 = > 199

M’ Wilmot said that his opinion was, it was the generall conceit of
the Court that he might take note before the Coppie was put to the
question, but it was replied by divers others, that it was not the
meaninge of the Court y‘ he should take not¢€; it beinge said that: if
he might take what Note he would, it were all one as to let him take
a Coppie but that it was the Court€ Order that he should haue a free
and large pvsall as himselfe would w™ the Secretary affirmed he had
at his howse accordingly. [135]

But m’ Wrote still complayninge for want of not¢, offered to depart
the Court, w™ if he did, the Ea: of Southampton said the Court
would notwithstandinge proceed as beinge sufficient Iudges of the
true entringe of the Court and wherein they might proceed although
he were at Yorke.

Wherevpon m’ Wrote stayd, complayninge againe for want of Note,
and that the Court¢ beinge sett downe much to his preiudice he could
not make his full defence: And therefore said he would make his
defence legally and by some other course And that if the Quarter
Court righted him not, he would appeale to the Kinge the fountaine
of iustice and mercy.

But m’* Deputy said, that the Secretary told bim, that m*’ Wrote had
taken large notes wherevpon the Secretary said m* Wrote had written
out halfe a sheit of pap, But m* Wrote said it was only in what Pages
thing¢ were.

S' Iohn Dauers said, he held it impossible for the Secretary to sett
downe each mans pticuler speach at large And therefore conceaued
that if the materiall point€ and substance thereof were rightly taken, -
it might satisfie the Court.

M’ Wrote replied that this opinion would mislead the Court and there-
fore desired that they would take it into their serious consideraéon
howe much that course might tend to his preiudice and disadvantage.

M’ Wither moued that seeinge m* Wrote talked of appealinge to the
Kinge, it might be remembred that when the pointe of Not€ was in

200 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Proposition and disputed vpon, Notwithstandinge it was much con-
tradicted, yet it was not desired by m‘ Wrote to put it to the question
whither he should take not€ or noe.

M’ Wrote againe protested he would appeale to the Kinge in the selfe
same termes as he did before.

M’ Wrote said that m* Wither had said abroad that my Lo: of South-
ton might as a Priuy Counsello’ comfiitt him, and protested that vnder
that feare he durst not speake freely.

The Earle of Southampton made Answeare that he need not feare any
such thinge from him, for whatsoeuer respect and addiéons he had,
he left them all when he came to this place and came here onely as
their Treasuror. [136]

The Court beinge wearied with these interruptions and impertinences
desired his Ip: to hold to the buissines ef+the-deaye ||they came for||
Wherevpon his Ip: put his former Proposition to the question, vizt
that the Court should be wholly read ouer and after||ward|| examined
by parte, and so the Court was entirely read ouer w™ beinge donn it
was the second time begui to be read and m’ Wrote willed to make
his exceptions.

Wherevpon m‘ Wrote said that there was an omission in the very
front vizt that m* Deputy presently after the settinge downe of the
Court excused himselfe that the Court kept on the Sufier Ilande
Quarter Court daye could not be then read because it was not drawne
vp for want of time, and therefore desired that the readinge of the
Court might be put of till the next Court followinge it, and this excep-
tion he said was verie considerable for if the Court had bin read
wherein was declared howe the buissines of Salaries passed, it would
perhapps haue so well informed him, that he should not haue spoken
so much as he did.

This Ofiission m* Deputy confessed to be true but protested it was
not out of willingnes but of forgettfullnes, and sodid the Seeré where-
vpon it was ordered to be inserted as appeareth in the said Court.

JANUARY 81, 1628 + 201

After this was read 8S’ Edwin Sandys speach consistinge of many part¢€
and branches, wherein he did declare what himselfe and the rest of
the Cofiittees had donn concerninge the buissines, against w™ m’
Wrote tooke onely one exception: Vpon these wordé vizt for that he
knewe some worthie gentlemen would willingly haue vnderwritt in
the said Roll if they might haue bin admitted vpon the purchase of
two shares only, sayinge that S* Edwin Sandys said in the Counsell
that it was but one gentleman y* would aduenture 50" 8S" Edwin San-
dys said that he spake with two gent: about vnderwritinge whereof
the one absolutely promised and the other did not deny.

The Ea: of Southampton replied it was not nowe the question what
S' Edwin Sandys said at another time, but what he said then and
therevpon demaunded of the Court their opinion, who generally agreed
that the whole speach of 8* Edwin Sandys and that clause in pertic-
uler was rightly sett downe, and beinge put to the question it was by
a generall erec@on of hand¢ confirmed that all those speeches were
truely and rightly sett downe. [137]

After this was read m'* Wrotes speach in the begininge whereof he
tooke exception at these word¢, As if their lawes were like the Lawes
of the Meads and Persians protestinge with great confidence that it
was falsely sett downe by the Secretary and that he did not speake
those wordé in that Court: But the Secretary by vertue of his oath said
he did speake them and that those word€ were in his Minuté. and
Diuers of the Companie did testifie that he did speake them.

Amongst w® was m* White the lawyer, but withall he said he thought
he did not vse the ||word|| Lawes but orders: and therevpon those
worde to their orders as if their erdevs Lawes was thus amended to -
those orders as if those orders were like the lawes of the Meade and
Persians and so it was approued to be spoken.

M’ Wrote tooke a second exception also in the same speach in that it
is there sett downe that himselfe said he was the first proposer of it
denyinge that he said so, for he said himselfe was not the first Pro-
poser of it but m* Deputy ffarrar: But m’ Deputy ffarrar said, that

202 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

who was the first Proposer of it was not materiall, but that m* Wrote
did in that Court saye himselfe was the first Proposer was true by
vertue of his Oath, and further said that his aunsweare therevnto did
necessarily inferr: w* answeare was generally acknowledged: And
the Secretary likewise said by vertue of his oath that that pointe was
true. But m* Wrote denied it confidently offeringe to sweare he said
it not; but m‘ Copeland affirmed that he directly remembred m*
Wrotes speach to be so in substance as was sett downe: Wherevpon
it beinge put to the question that pointe by erecton of hand was con-
firmed to be truely sett downe.

M' Wrote further excepted in the selfe same speach against that clause,
But rather ||that|| it might run his due course of examinaéon by a
Comittee &° sayinge that he neither spake of Coffiittees nor of
Quarter Court¢.

ffor the first pointe of Cofiittees m’ Sparrowe avouched directly that
he spake of Comittees and of comitinge thing€ accordinge as was
sett downe.

Wherevpon there growinge a great question vpon m* Wrots constant
denyinge of it, m’ Wrote in great heate complained of wronge that
hauinge two sufficient wittnesses that he did not saye it, that there
should be any question of it. Wherevpon the Ka: of Southampton
asked him w™ were his wittnesses, wherevpon he named m* Edw:
TIohnson and m‘ White the Lawyer, But m’* Iohnson said he would
not sweare it nor saye [188] it for he did not vse to affirme Negatiues
and m’ White said ||the-eleane-contrary||, 7’ he vnderstood the cleane
contrary, that he vnderstood that m*’ Wrote did speake of Comiittess
accordingly as is entred, Wherevpon it beinge put to the question. it
was by erecéon of hand¢ confirmed that it was rightly sett downe not
one dissentinge.

ffor the second exception of Quarter Courts it was accordinge as m’
Wrote desired amended vizt whereas it was thus But rather it might
run his due course of examination by a Comittee and in seuerall
Courts before it were brought to the Quarter Court the wordé and in

JANUARY 31, 1823 ~ " ' * 203

seuerall Courts before it was brought to the Quart’ Courte to be
ordered: It is nowe thus amended or in the followinge ordinary Court
before it be ordered: This part of his speach beinge put to the ques-
tion was by erecéon of hand¢ confirmed to be rightly sett downe.

M’ Wrote further excepted that the Remainder of that speach of his
was not in his due place, and that before he spake m‘* Gibbs made a
longe speach to the same purpose of giuinge the Seale to Secré Dauison
to Chre ptis C' m* Gibbs was of opinion that he spake some such
thinge, but not being §verie§ confident thereof, m* Wrote said that he.
would make him confesse it or he would make him no man, and that
he would make him sweare it in the Chauncery or #++he Starr-
chamber.

S'* Edwin Sandys, m" Io: ffarrar, and m* Deputy confidently affirmed
that m’ Gibbs did speake no such thinge in the Court, but that those
speaches of m™ Gibbs alledged by m* Wrote were spoken after the
Court in the Parlo’ in priuate and afterward at the Counsell Fable the
weeke followinge w™ the Lord Cauendish also testified: Herevpon
m’* Wrote affirmed vpon his oath, that it was otherwise: To w™ creditt
not beinge giuen by the Court he vehemently protested he would
appeale vnto the Kinge, and in great passion challenged the Ha: of
Southampton for giuinge him the lye in the Third person at a Sumer
landé Court, saying that if any man should saye that in any thinge
men were ouerawed and durst not speake it was put into his mouth
by the Deuill the father of lyes for a fowler lye himselfe neuer told.

To w™ his lp: made answeare that what he had said he would iustifie
and mayntaine and that if m‘ Wrote ||would|| take it to himselfe he.
might.

M' Wrote also challenged his lp: further for sayinge that he blundred
out his indiscreéon and that in such a manner as ¢heat the whole Court
therewith seemed to be highly offended and m* Bland said my Lord I
haue seen in another Court if any had spoken so much he had bin
comiitted. [139]

204 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Wherevnto m* Wrote replied you are a verie indifferent man and I
thanke you for it.

M’ Bland made answeare for my part m‘ Wrote I tooke you to be as
iudicious a man as any of the Companie vntill you first began this
buissines.

The Ea: of Southampton said that had he carried himselfe so in any
other place but this he would not haue endured it and sharpely willed
him to behaue himselfe after a better manner; After this returninge
againe to the question of m* Gibbs speach, the whole Court beinge
ignorant of it, and it seeminge impossible, that he should be the first
mouer of soe many remarkeable thing€, and yet the Court tooke no
notice of it: It was generally eetended ||conceaued|| by the Court that
it was a matter wholly mistaken by m’ Gibbs and m’ Wools and rather
spoken in some other place.

M’ Wrote further excepted against the word (only) in this Clause
And was the only cause of their vnwillingnes to vnderwrite to the
said Roll, but beinge put to the question it was by erecéon of hande
confirmed to be truely sett downe.

After werd ||this|| the Remaynder of m' Wrots speach beinge put to
the question, it was by a generall erecéon of hand@ confirmed to be
right entred as it was sett downe in the Booke Onely in the end
thereof this addiéon followinge was put in w™ m’ White said he
remembred m’ Wrote spake: The Companie beinge in debt, the
moneys Payd in to the Companie by such as subscribed might be
presently seized vpon accordinge to the custome of the Citty whereby
the Companie should pay vse for the Stocke and not haue the same
to imploy to any benifitt: But howe this was induced m’ White saith
he remembers not fully.

After this was read S' Edwin Sandys speach to m’ Wrots allegaéon of
the lawe w™ by erec@on of hand€ was approued to be rightly sett
downe.

JANUARY 81, 1023 ©) 3 205

After this was read m' Deputies speach to m* Wrotes Proposition of
cofittinge thinge againe that had bin eemitted ||determined|| by the
Quarter Court w™ by erecéon of hand¢€ was approued to be rightly sett
downe.

After this m’ Withers speach and the speach of one other touching
the former point were read and in like manner approued to be rightly
sett downe. [140]

After this 8' Edwin Sandys replie to m’ Wrotes speach touchinge the
Companies bearinge a Tenth part in the Aduenture for bringing home ©
the Spanish Tobacco and touchinge m* Wrots opinion that priuate
mens estates was liable to make ||good|| the Companies engagem* by
their Seale was read and likewise approued by the Court to be rightly
sett downe.

\|After this m’ Caswells Report of m‘ White the Lawyers opinion
touching that point of m’ Wrotes speach of the engagement of priuat
mens Estats C" was read and approued to be rightly sett downe.||

\|After this|| m’ Aldermentehnsens ||Wrotes|| speach that matters
were not fairely carried but were hastily shuffled ouer beinge read, he
excepted against these word¢ as not spoken in this place.

M" Iohnson said he did thinke that the worde (not fairely) were
spoken.

But the Lo: Cauendish said that he did well remember that m™ Wrote
vsed in that speach these words not fairely carried and that he vsed
also either the word Shuffled or hudled ouer in the verie same place:
Wherevpon it beinge put to the question it was by erecéon of hande’
confirmed to be rightly sett downe But m‘* Wrote said there is in the
later end of his said speach an omission of an instance that he then
alledged which he said he deliuered in these wordé (vizt) That he was
therefore confirmed in that opinion because of the late example of the
Muscouy Company: W™ wordé the Court agreed should be added
accordinge to m* Wrotes desire.

206 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

After this m* Aldfan Iohnsons speach and m' Withers reply there-
vpon touchinge the Muscouy Companie were confirmed to be truely
sett downe: But m* Alder: ||Iohnson|| desired that this might be
added also namely that this instance was confirmed by m"™ Mellinge.

Where pen ||vnto|| S* Edwin Sandys made answeare that m‘ Mellinge
speach did rather confirme the cleane contrary: And m’ Mellinge
was desired to sett downe his owne speach w™ |jhere|| followeth ||viz||

M’ Mellinge beinge present replied it was true that a leviaéon for pay-
ment of the Muscouy Companies debt€ was ordered by the Lorde of
his Ma“ most Hono” Priuy Counsell to be made out of the gaines
made vpon their seuerall Stock€ in the seuerall yeares when those
moneys were supposed to be borrowed and taken vp at interest and
not to be laid vpon the whole body of the Companie or them that
were not Traders in those yeares or since. [141]

After this m* Deputies speach touchinge the vnseasonablenes of m‘
Wrotes Proposition C* was read w™ by erecéon of hand€ was approued
to be truely sett downe.

After this the Lo: Cavendish his report of the faire carriage of the
buissines by the Counsell and Comiittees was read w by erecéon of
hands was confirmed by the Court to be truely sett downe.

And whereas after this, it is said that the Argument beinge still main-
tayned with such violence and vnorderlynes against so many good
reasons as had bin alledged, m* Wrote tooke exception at the inter-
lineaéon of these word¢€ with such violence and vnorderlynes w™ worde
he said was sett downe in another hand, charginge the Secretary vpon
his oath to declare who inserted those word€: Wherevpon the Secre-
tary said it was his hand and they were put in by m"* Deputies
appointement.

M’ Wrote replied that these words were verie considerable, because
they might lead to an Accusaéon of him against the Quarter Court
but it was generally knowne and confessed that the Court that day

SANUMRBY 31, 1008 © orn 207

was so much disordered by his interruptions and violent speaches as
the word€ were generally adiudged by the Court to be rightly sett
downe, and therevpon it beinge put to the question they were by a
generall erecéon of hand€ approued (onely three dissentinge) .

Wherevpon m’ Wrote said I ame glad of it gentlemen that you haue
preiudged me in this case vnto the Quarter Court vnto w™ I appeale
and therevpon said saluo honore of the Court he would depart.

After this m’ Deputies speach and protestaton was read w™ beinge
put to the question was by a generall erec@on of hands approued to be
truely sett downe.

M’ Iohnson said that he departed the Court before m* Deputy made
this ProtestaGon and saith there is an omission of some word€ that
m’ Wrote spake for he heard m* Wrote say that he knewe many eyes
were vpon him and desired the speaches he had spoken might be sett
downe.

After this m’ Wrotes Answeare to m’ Deputies protestaéon was read
and put to the question and by erecéon of handé€ confirmed to be
rightly sett downe.

After this m* Deputies replie to m’ Wrote vrginge his form? Proposi-
éons to be put to the question was read and by erecéon of hande
approued to be truely sett downe. [142]

Next the manner of the Proposition was read and by a generall erec-
éon of hand¢ was likewise confirmed to be truely sett downe.

Next the Lo: Cauendish report touchinge the buissines of one Wye
was read and by erecéon of hand¢ confirmed to be truely sett downe.

Next m* Wrotes speach therevpon was read and by erecéon of hande
confirmed, onely in the later end m* Wrote desired an addiéon of these
word¢ followinge w™ he said he did then deliuer (vizt) for it was
nowe no worke of a gentleman but of a Solicitor w™ word the Court
agreed should be added as m* Wrote desired.

208 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Next a Letter from m* Henry Reynold¢ in the behalfe of one Iohn
Taylor was read, w® was put to the question and confirmed to be
truely sett downe.

Next m‘ Wrotes speach touchinge the Salaries was read, wherevnto
m’ Wrote tooke exception sayinge, that he deliuered those reasons at
interloquutory times and not together as was sett downe, and that the
word Deriuatiue was omitted to these wordé at the last Court, whereas
he said at the last Deriuatiue Court: but the Court did verie well
remember that he deliuered those reasons together and the Answeare
that followeth doth necessarily imply so much, wherevpon it beinge
put to the question w™ the addition of the word Deriuatiue as m*
Wrote desired it was by a generall erecéon of hand@ confirmed to be
truely sett downe.

Next the speach in answeare therevnto was read and approued by a
generall erecéon of hand@¢ to be rightly sett downe.

After this againe m’ Wrots reply touchinge the Salaries was read
whereat m’* Wrote tooke exception sayinge that he did not speake the
wordé together as in that clause they are sett downe vizt matters were
carried fowly and disorderly and with much arte surreptitiously and
to private Ed end¢ and that the Companie durst not speake theiv
minds because they were ouerawed.

But m’ Wither said vpon the first word (ffowly) he recalled him: and
that m’ Wrote beinge then in a great heat and passion added all the
rest of the word followinge in that speach and generally the whole
Court testified it to be so: Wherevpon that speach of m‘ Wrot¢ beinge
put to the question it was by a general] erec@on of hand€ confirmed
to be rightly sett downe. [143]

Next the speach of m* Withers vpon the word fowly and of m* Cas-
wells vpon the worde ouerawed, and likewise the manner of m’*
Alderm: Iohnsons interrupting of m* Caswell in his said speach were
read and beinge put to the question were confirmed by erecéon of
hand¢ to be rightly sett downe.

JANUARY S81, 1003 © (3 1°78, 209

Next m’ Iohn ffarrars speach to the words ouerawed and durst not
speake was also read w™ beinge put to the question was by erecéon
of hand¢ confirmed by the Court to be truely sett downe.

But as this was a doeinge m* Wrote came from the further end of the
Table to m’ Iohn ffarrar whisperinge some wordé privately in his
eare, w™ the Ea: of Southampton observinge, comaunded with much
earnestnes m' John ffarrar to declare what m‘* Wrote said, who at
length beinge much pressed herevnto by his lp: said that m’ Wrote
vpon hearinge his speach nowe read said vnto him in this manner,
you would not haue said vntrue to me in another place w™ m’ Wrote
denied to haue spoken in that manner: But his lp: sharpely reproued
him for his ill behauio’ and said plainely it was noe other but a kinde
of swaggeringe.

After this m’ Wrotes Allegaéon of the 108 lawe was read, but he said
these worde vizt (w™ he had made) next after the word lawes in the
second line were not spoken by him: Wherevpon the Lord Cauendish
caused them to be strucke out as m’ Wrote desired, confirminge the
rest to be truely sett downe.

Next the Lo: Cauendishes speach touchinge m* Wrotes affrontinge
him and the vead rest of the Counsell and comittees was read and

approued by the Court to be truely sett downe.

But m’ Wrote told his lp: there was an omission of some worde that
he vsed toward¢ him at that time; namely that he had donne more
harme by that dayes worke then Capt: Martin Capt: Baylie or Capt:
Argall, w™ word¢ my Lo: Cauendish callinge nowe to minde desired
they might be added w™ the Court generally agreed vnto.

Wherevpon m’ Wrote said himselfe spake these word¢ followinge w™
he said were omitted vizt: My ||good|| lo: I protest vpon my salua-
tion I had no intent directly #or indirectly to perstringe the Acéons
of the Counsell nor of yo" Lp: or of my Lord of Southampton for I
confesse your courses haue bin alwayes like yo" selues noble, direct,
iust and playne, but I speake of things donn in yo" Lp* absence when

16456—vo.t 2—06——14

210 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

yo" were out of Towne whereof you can take no notice: with this
addiéon w™ he desired to be inserted after these worde

And further said that he was wearie of beinge any longer in polliti-
que bodies and that he had taken paines 40: dayes in examinaéon of
buissines concerninge the Sumer Ilande. [144]

As for 8’ Edwin Sandys lawes he said that he called them no other-
wise then |las|| a great Lord did w™ addigon to the rest of his speach
beinge put to the question was confirmed to be rightly sett downe.

After this 8’ Edwin Sandys answeare vnto the lawe cited by m* Wrote
was read and by erecéon of hand¢€ approued to be rightly sett downe.

Next m’ Deputies speach was read: Whervpon m* Wrote tooke excep-
tion ef ||at|| some word¢€ omitted that were spoken by m* Deputy at
that time vizt that he taxed him of ignorance but m‘ Deputy answeared
that he said m* Wrote spake out of his ignorance sayinge I meane
ignorance of fact (explayninge himselfe with the same breath) w™ m*
Copeland well remembringe iustified it to be true.

Wherevpon m' Wrote said he made this replye sayinge, m*’ Deputy
speaks out of the abundance of his Knowledge but he out of his con-
science, m’ Deputies speach beinge put to the question is confirmed
generally to be rightly sett downe.

Next m’ Wrotes exeeptien exception against the disorderlines of the
first Comittee and m’* Deputies answeare therevnto was read and beinge
put to the question were confirmed to be rightly sett downe onely in
the begininge thereof m’ Wrote said that he spake these word¢: Then
I must vnwillingly come to an Accusation against S* Edwin Sandys
and the two Deputies, w™ he desired might be entred.

And m’ Wrote further alleaged that m* Gibbs spake likewise diuers
thing¢é thereabout¢, but the pticularities thereof were gen%ally by
denied by the Court to haue bin spoken at least not to haue bin heard
of the Court and the Lo: Cauendish, 8’ Edwin Sandys, m* Deputy
and m’ John ffarrar constantly affirmed that those thing€ were spoken
in the Counsell afterward and not at that Court: Wherevpon it beinge

JANUARY 31, 16828 °° | 211

put to the question it was adiudged by a generall erecton of hand¢€
that the speaches were not spoken at that Court And that m' Wrote
and m’ Gibbs were mistaken and that those speaches were spoken in
some other place and not in that Court.

After this m’ Wrotes Obiecéon that neither the Counsell nor Cofittees
had authority giuen them to treat of the matter of Salaries And m‘
Deputies Answ’ therevnto beinge read were approued by the Court to be
truely sett downe.

Next m’ Wrots speach touchinge thing¢ brought into the Court by m*
Deputy as the iudgement of the Cofiittees w™ he said were not their
doing€ instancinge the report made vpon the matter of petigons beinge
read m* Wrote excepted against it, sayinge that these word€ were
omitted [145] (vizt) that he said that m‘’ Deputy at the begininge
brought that report downe vnto him wett and asked him howe he
liked it, w™ Speach of his and m‘ Deputies replie together with the
addi@on were by erecéon of handes approued to be vig¢h#}¥ ||truly|| sett
downe.

Next m’ Wrotes challenginge m’ Deputy for ||the|| wronge entringe of
a Court the 7° of Octob: last was read and approued by a generall
erecéon of handes to be truely sett downe.

After this m* Deputies protestaéon of his owne integrity in the buis-
sines of Salaries was read and by erecéon of hand€ approued to be
truely sett downe.

M’ Bromefeild€ speach was read and approued to be rightly sett downe.

S* Edwin Sandys speach in defence of the Contract was read where-
vpon m* Wrote said there was an ofiission of these speaches follow-
inge namely that S* Edwin Sandys said that m* Wrote had donn
wronge to the State and therevpon m* Wrote said he made this pro-
testaéon that he spake nothinge against the Contract but onely against
the Salaries: Wherevpon S* Edwin Sandys his speach with these
Addiéons beinge put to the question were confirmed to be rightly sett
downe.

212 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Next m™ Alderm: Iohnsons speach beinge read he desired these worde
might be added, m*’ Alderman therevpon protested that by the oath
he had taken he neuer went about any bargaine but once with S’
Edwin Sandysand 8’ Iohn Wolstenholme to the Counsell Table beinge
sent by the Companie and for the Companies vse.

8S’ Edwin Sandys also desired that m’* Caswell€ report that he had
heard as much at y*° Counsell Table might be likewise added.

M’ Wrote said that in this place there is an omission of an Appeale
that he made in this manner vizt: That because he could not haue
things put to the question and for diuers other reasons of offence he
did appeale to the Quarter Court.

M’ Wrote said further that m‘ Ditchfeild made a stronge argument
against the Salaries, But a doubt beinge made whither m’ Ditchfeild
was at that Court or noe, m‘’ Alderman ||IJohnson|| said that he well
remembred that he was there and made some short speach touchinge
that pointe, but no body knewe what it was.

After this m’ Wrotes speach touchinge the care of the Planter was
read whereat he tooke exception, sayinge, that he did not propound
that question by waye of deffiaund (as is expressed) but by waye of
desire w™ he praid might be entred after this manner, m* Wrote
Gagend that Py ins ple | some course for the poore Planter &

: z : mse |lseeing he could not be pos-
a of his owne gue but a come into the Comp. hand¢ whereby
he must! attend their Sale and in the meane tyme haue not wherew“all
to furnishe himself w™ necessaries||: Wherevpon the rest of his speach
with this amendm* beinge put to y® question, was generally approued
to be rightly sett downe. [146]

S' Edwin Sandys likewise desired that the speach he made therevpon
might be likewise entred, namely that they had had consultaGéons
diuers times about that matter w™ the Court generally agreed should
be put in.

‘A sign is used to carry the interlineation to the margin from this point to the end of the insertion.

FEBRUARY 3, 1623 es 213

After this m’ Deputies speach to the same pointe was read and beinge
put to the question was approued by the Court to be rightly sett
downe.

Next the question that was put whither this matter should be at all
disputed but in a Quarter Court was read and approued by the Court
to be rightly sett downe.

This donne the Draft of the whole Court with the addiéons and
reformaéons that had nowe passed was put to the question and by a
generall erecGon of hand€ confirmed to be rightly sett downe onely
one dissentinge.

After this it was agreed and ordered that this Court should be warned
to meete againe on Monday morninge next to examine whither these
former amendment¢ be truely entred or no.

Afterward m’ Wrote moued the Ea: of Southampton and the Lord
Cauendish for a Coppie of the Act of Counsell touchinge him but they

held his request vnfitt to be graunted, Notwithstandinge they graunted
him leaue to pvse the same at his pleasure and were not against his
request to take not¢.

At a CouURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA
oN MoNDAY IN THE FORENOONE THE
3° or ffmBRUARY 1620/

PRESENT

Right Hono™ Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Cauendish.

8’ Edwin Sandys. m’ Bland. m* Meuerell.
S' Iohn Dauers. m* Sheppard. m* Baynham.
m’* Gibbs. m’‘ Withers. m’ Roberté.

1 Error for 1622.

214 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’* Zouch. m’ Barbo’. m* Webbe.

m’ Nich? ffarrar. m’* Boothby. m* Sparrowe.

m’ Wilmer. mn‘ Steward. m’ Ley.

m’* Tomlins. m* Mellinge. m’ Barker.

m’ Io: ffarrar. Capt: Rossingham. m* Waterhowse.
m’ Ed: Iohnson. m’ Hackett. with diuers others.
m’ Bromefeild. m’ Cuffe.

m’ Wheatly.

m* Caswell.

The Ea: of Southampton signified that this Court was warned by order
of the Court held on ffriday last onely for this one buissines namely
to examine whither those alteraGons and amendment¢ that then passed
were rightly entred or noe. [147]

M’ Wrote said that he havinge pervsed the Act of Counsell of the 4%
of Decemb. last, and taken thereout some not€, as was permitted by
their lp* he found therein as many omissions as in the Court held that
daye w™ he desired might be amended; but his lp: told him that could
not nowe be: Wherevpon m‘ Wrote said he appealed from the pro-
ceedingé of this Court vnto the Kinge the fountaine of mercy and
iustice, and to such Deligat¢ as it should please his Ma“ to appoint
But my Lo: of Southampton told him that notwithstandinge his
appeale they would proceed and goe on in the reveiwe and pfectinge
of that w™ had passed on ffriday and should be ready to giue an
Account of their doeing®g.

After this the seuerall passages of the Court held on ffriday last touch-
inge the rectifyinge of the Court held the 4" of December was read
and examined by part¢, and the addiéons and alteraéons then made
and passed beinge nowe read and duely entred, The Ea: of South-
ampton put it to the question, whither thinge were rightly sett downe
or noe: Wherevpon the whole Court by a generall erecéon of hande
(noe one dissentinge) testified the pticuler passages of ffridays Court
nowe read to be truely reported, and the amendmente also to be duely
entred in the aforesaid Court of the 4" of December.

FEBRUARY 3, 1623

At A PR#/PARATIVE COURT HELD ON
MonbDay THE 3°: oF FEBRUARY i622

PRESENT

Right Hono” Ea: of Southampton.

S* Edward Sackuill.

S* Robt Killigrue.

& Tho: 1 Wroth.
S* Hen: ©

S* Io: Brooke.
S* Edwin Sandys.

m’ Nicho ffarrar Dpt.
m’ Gibbs.

m'’ Palmer.

m'’ Wrote.

m’ Binge.

m’ Wilmer.

m’ Johnson.

m’ Io: Smith.

m’ Palavicine.

m’ Jo: ffarrar.

m’ Mole.

m’ Bromefeild.

m’ Porter.

* Mildmay.

Lo: Cauendish.

m* Bulkely.
m* Moorer.
m’ Caswell.
m’ Barbo’.
m’* Shippard.

m’ Berblocke.

m’ Copland.

m’ Balmford.

m’ Wither.
m’* Meuerell.
Capt Martin.
mn’ Mellinge.
m’ Groce.
mn’ Scott.

m’ Taylo’.
m’ Barker.
m* Roberte.
m’ Meddas.
m’ Kirrell.
m’ Bolton.
m* Newport.

m’ Percy.

m’ Sheldon.
m’ Seward.
m* Lambe.
m’ Ditchfeild.
m’* Robbins.
m’ Roberte.
m’ Addison.
m* Webbe.
m’ Dike.

m* Swayne.
m’ Leverr.
m* Bennet.
m* Caninge.
m* Hobbs.

m’ Io: Wolstenholme.
m’ Woodall.
m’ Hun.

mm’ Cuffe.

m’ Whitly.
m* Baynham.
with diuers others.

[148]

S' Iohn Brooke moued the Court in behalfe of Capt: Iohn Martin that
they would please accordinge to my Lord of Southtons promise to

1A blank space in the manuscript.

216 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

graunt him a Patent with as ample priuiledges as hath bin graunted
to his lp: or any other auncient Aduenturer and that his Shares of
land menéoned in his former Patent or shall become due for trans-
portaéon of psons at his charge may be laide out in Martin Brandon,
w™ request the Court agreed vnto hauinge alwaies offered as much
vnto him: But whereas Captaine Martin moued that he might haue
therewith those Swamps and boggs as lay neare thereabout, w™ could
not be planted and yet might be of great vse vnto him for keepinge
of his Swyne; The Court made him Aunsweare that he must be con-
tented to take his due proporéon of land together as it shall fall out
in that place of Martin Brandon of w™ as he saith he was formerly
possessed.

After this m’ Deputy propoundinge the passinge of certaine Shares
from m’ Carter to other psons there arose some questions and opposi-
éons about them, 8‘ Henry Mildmay said he was sorry to see so much
dissention and variance still continued amongst the Companie, but
professed himselfe was neither of the faction nor factions, and said
his Ma“ had lately taken notice of these differences, and is a hinder-
ance to other mayne buissines of speaciall consequence vnto the Plan-
tation and that his Ma“* vnderstands that diuers Aduenturers haue
bin discouraged from goeinge on, and wonders that so many are will-
inge to give ouer their Shares.

He signified further that his Ma“* did desire to preserue the liberty
of the Companie in euery kinde and that no pticuler man of the Com-
panie be abridged of his liberty to speake freely so it be with fittinge
report vnto the gouerment and the Plantation.

Hee said further that he came not to stirr vp a storme but to allay it
and make a Calme, and said at the last meetinge of the Counsell he
moued that these verball differences might be taken vp and that his
Ma“ did likewise desire an end of them, but saith that this he relate
was accidentally and by waye of discourse with his Ma“.

M' Deputy made Answeare that the Companie did much ioye to vnder-
stand that his Ma“ pleased to take their affaires so much into his

FEBRUARY 8, 123 °° : 217

royall consideraéon and desired St Henry Mildmay to the entent the
Company might fully pforme what his Ma‘ required (because the
Court was nowe but smale) he would please to leaue his message in
writinge or stay till my Lord of Southampton and the Lord Cauendish
comes to report the same againe vnto them. [149]

S' Henry Mildmay beinge desired to satisfie the Court whither he
delinered this as a Message from his Ma“ or from himselfe, made
aunsweare that he deliuered it by waye of aduise and from himselfe
vpon a late discourse ¢kat he had with the Kinge but no waye as a
Message from his Ma“.

M* Deputy excusinge the weaknes of his memory that he doubted not
to be able pfectly to sett downe S* Henry Mildmayes speach, besought
him that he would be pleased againe to deliuer it to the Secretary but
he aunsweared that he would be here on Wedensday next to obserue
whither the same hath bin rightly taken by the Secretary.

S' Iohn Dauers said he held it most necessarie that before they pro-
ceeded any further to state 8’ Henry Mildmayes Speach w™ he wished
might be put to the question, whereat some opposed, and m* Deputy
beinge about to put it to the question, 8‘ Henry Mildmay desired it
might be spared till Wedensday next, when he would againe be pres-
ent: Wherevpon the Secretary was required to read those heade
he had taken of 8‘ Henry Mildmayes speach w™ he did and was
approued.

This donn the Court desired m* Deputy to returne againe to the buissi-
nes of the Daye and to propose the Shares that were to be passed.

Wherevpon the Court passed these Shares followinge of m’ Carters
vizt

To m’ Christo: Vyvyan of London, Clothworker ......... 1 share
To m’ Ed: Palmer of the Midle Temple Lond: esq,....... 14 shares
‘tap ty ‘Tho: Miowmse Haberdadlior. . oo. co cccinesssccescces 1 share
To Tho: Lathum of London gent ..................0005. 1 share

TO Ta: Carter DaMiG? «os. <cisins cides cc cnccccccecncecce 1 share

218 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Go m* Ed: Palmer eqgpiiiie... as 0 Te ems... 2. neice 11 shares
To Rich: Norwood gent......... overs ares 0 wat 0 oO 1 share
30

Which Shares by the bill presented appeared to haue bin sold the
most of them in Iuly.

Also S' W™ Twisden knight and Barronett passed three Shares of land
in Virginia vnto S* Roger Twisden his Sonn: All w™ Shares being
put to the question passed the allowance and approbaéon of this
Court. [150]

Also W™ Burnham passed ouer one Bill of Aduenture of 12" 10° 00*
and one psonall Share of 100 acres of land in Virginia (descended
vnto him by the death of his eldest brother Sam: Burnham) vnto m*
James ffothergill: w™ was likewise put to the question and confirmed
vnto the said Iames ffothergill.

M’ Deputy moued for order to drawe three seuerall Patent€ + to
these men vizt

To m' Iames Haberly and his Associate.
To m Arthur Levellis, and to Capt Iohn Martin w™ was accordingly
ordered to be drawne vp against the Quarter Court.

M’ Roberts moued the Court for a letter of recofiendaéon vnto the
Gouernor of Virginia in the behalfe of m* Arthur Leuellis that is
nowe to take a Patent that himselfe and his people may be respected
and well accomodated after their arriuall in Virginia.

M’ Deputy acquainted the Court howe farr the Auditors had proceeded
vpon the Accountt of the old Magazine of Virginia (m‘ Essington
havinge brought vnto them his book€ w™ he said had his begininge
some 5 yeares agonn, but said he would giue the Aduenturers but
litle comfort for that they were like to receaue for ought yet appeares)
but litle aboue halfe of their principall money, that there was nowe
1000" to be diuided amongst them, and also added that there was a

FEBRUARY 8, 1628 9° 219

great difference between m’ Essingtons and y* Capemarchant¢ booke,
m' Essington charged him with 400" more then he acknowledged but
he said they were not yet come so farr that he could giue them a cer-
taine resoluéon where the fault bye laye.

M' Kightly takinge notice of the great losse the Aduenturers were like
to sustaine of their principall money after so longe forbearance said
that he had heard it crediblie reported, that their Capemarchant was
at first a verie poore man, but through his imployment in the said
Magazine, was become exceedinge rich, whereas his bargaine was that
he should be recompenced out of the gaines of their Stocke: he there-
fore wished that the buissines might be strictly looked vnto.

M’ Deputy moued y‘ the Aduenturers for some consideraéon to be had
for m'’ Cuff¢ paines bestowed about those Accounté.

M' Deputy presented also a note of certaine Debt€ due vnto the Com-
panie whereof he named some (vizt)

m’ Morris Abbott who stand@ indebted................ aa 66,
ma” Mich Tuent.......cccencesee ieee 43
a 88 — 5—7
Capt: Io: Bargraue by subscription................... 512 10—0
The Aduenture in the Susan w™ 8* Tho: Smith or Al-
7 105 — 0—0
derm: Iohnson is to pay ....... el a = Weiss! [151]

And further that there was brought to that Account neere 100": for
charges in followinge the Suite against Capt: Bargraue.

These buissinesses and Debte laye as it were a sleepe because there
was noe one perticuler mann to followe them, and although divers
men had Shares in the buissines, yet euery man would rather loose
his part then put vpon himselfe any trouble or labo’.

S' Edwin Sandys said that he would nowe make a moon against their
Salaries whereat diuers gentlemen had taken exception, that for his
Salary it Should not trouble them for he would surrender it vp with a
better will then euer he tooke |lit||, But said that whereas m* Wrote

220 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

deliuered to the last Sumer Ilande Court a Proiect howe the Contract
shalbe well managed with lesse charge then nowe it is ordered he
desired the same might be nowe read to this Companie: whereby if
a better waye may be found then was formerly it may be taken into
consideraéon and followed.

M’ Moorer comended m’ Wrotes proiect to be verie good and worthy
of respect and consideraéon.

S' Henry Mildmay said he was not directly of the opinion of m* Wrote
in that paper w was read touchinge his Proiect vizt That the poore
Planter should be so limitted for the sale of his good€ But said his
opinion was that these great Salaries were directly the waye to ouer-
throwe all, and said true it was they passed the last Court with his
vote but he was nowe of a contrary opinion sayinge secunds cogita-
tiones sint longe meliores, and further added that he conceaued his
Ma“ would rather that the Contract should not goe forward at all then
to the ruine of the Planters, and said he was of opinion the buissines
might haue bin better husbanded.

The Lo: Cauendish said he held it fitt the Counsell be assembled, to
consider what better course can be proposed for the well managinge
of this buissines.

S* Tho: Wroth moued that the Court might nowe deliuer their opinion
touchinge the Salaries because it so much concerned the poore Planters.

Capt: Rossingham said this course of consigninge all the Planters
Tobacco that shall come home into one hand would much preiudice
the Planters and exceedingly discourage them, but he was answeared
that he spake against the mayne body of the Contract for without that
it could not be. [152]

M’ Iohnson the Lawyer made request he might haue liberty to speake
freely to the matter of Salaries wherein he protested he would vphold
the opinion of no man he said the Salaries as they nowe stand modo
et forma will discourage the Planters and hinder the Plantation, he

FEBRUARY 3, 1628. © 221

therefore wished no Sallaries at all as yet or if Salaries then after a
better waye then is nowe piscribed vnto w™ he said he would giue
these Stepps.

The first Steppe was that worthie men would please freely to continue
their paines and bestowe their laboures in this buissines as others had
donn for many yeares together.

That if Salaries be graunted they might be by the waye of honorare
or gratuities in reward of seruice donne.

And if by a Stipency then not to propose so great a Some as 2500" w™ -
is 3* p" vpon — 200000 waight for this he said would deterr the Impor-
taéon of Tobacco and if that faile the Companie will smart for it.

Besid¢ he wished that the Salaries might not be raised by this vigor-
ous and strict waye of imposiéons but rather out of the aduancement
of the price of the Tobacco by the sole sale of it here.

S' Iohn Diauers said that he was himselfe a wittnesse of y° great care
that the Comittee tooke touchinge the Salaries, but thinke it will not ~
be this dayes worke to answeare the Obiecéons made against them,
and therefore moued that they might nowe onely heare the opinions
of the contrary side and to morrowe to consider of them and so pre-
pare the buissines against the Quarter Court.

M’ Wilmer said he was verie much discouraged and so were others
whereof he would nowe shewe the cause.

The first cause was about the im-
portaéon of the Spanish Tobacco.

The second touchinge the Salaries.

ffirst he said in the Preamble to the Roll he had obserued that the
Companie are to beare a 10" part in the iointe Stocke for bringinge
home of Spanish Tobacco and gaue their Seale for the Security.

Whereby he conceaued that if the iont Stocke faile priuate mens estate
both here and in Virginia are lyable to make good the Companies

222 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

engagement and therefore wished some course might be taken to saue
the Companie harmeles in case the Iointe Stocke should faile. [153]

ffurthermore in the Preamble there is no caution or dispensaéon
menéoned, in case the Kinge of Spaine shall raise the price of Tobacco
w he hath alreadie donn as he is credibly informed.

Also he obserueth that the Vndertakers haue but one yeare graunted
them, for the bringinge in of the Spanish Tobacco, w™ by reason so great
quantity thereof is here already in this Kingdome cannot be brought
in but with much losse or verie smale gaine if the price thereof be
enhaunced in Spayne.

It beinge almost 6, of the Clocke it was vpon moéon generally agreed
by erecéon of hand¢ that the Court should be continued duringe pleas-
ure This donne m’ Wilmer was desired to proceed.

Wherevpon he said he had obserued also in the Roll that the Importa-
éon of Spanish Tobacco is to be consigned to the Comittee by whome
that buissines is to be managed to the benifitt of the Vndertakers who
are to haue no votes in the carriage of that buissines but must be
wholly left to the care of the Director and Comittees.

His second cause |lof|| discouragement he said was the matter of Sal-
aries but spake not of it to any but the Comittees.

His first reason for that the matter of Salaries as he hath heard here
in Court was sodainely and vnduely carried, that the Comittee treated
supficially thereof by the fires side that the Deputy was called awaye
and therevpon that Comittee brake vp and did nothinge: At the next
meetinge it was sodainely concluded vpon and so brought to the Quart”
Court where he obserued a great deale of silence and many hand¢
held vp against it.

2 Reason that the Salaries were vnseasonably giuen because no seruice
was pformed nor was it knowne howe well they would be deserued as
also in respect there is no money in Cash, but the Companie verie
much in debt.

FEBRUARY 3, 1688 9°. © 223

3: Reason Salaries are vnecessarie if the buissines may be otherwise
managed, and think¢€ the Directo’ may doe good seruice by beinge a
Cofiittee at large, and sawe no reason why the Directo" should haue
such an ouerulinge power, and therefore supfluous.

And held also his Clarke to be vinecessarie.
To the Treasuror he allowed 100° with a Clarke.
te ee as o.. Oe -

4 Cofiittees 50" a peece supposinge 4 to be enough, but said that those
already chosen were not men conversant in marchandizinge as was
fitt they should.

As for the Committees at large he thought it best they be rewarded as
they shall deserue and so likewise inferio* Officers whereby he said he
abated 1150" of the former proporéon.

The Lo: Cauendish moued againe that the old Comfiittees and Coun-
sell together with the Assistantes of the Suiier [lands may meete to
morrowe about it, where m* Wilmer or any other that would might
be present and giue their aduise touching that buissines.

S' Edward Sackuill said that he would not nowe stand to giue
Answeare to prepenced and premeditated argument¢ but desired before
they proceeded to a resoluéon that such as were of the contrary Opin-
ion and had giuen out that these Salaries were vnduely carried and
exorbitant in their values might haue a daye appointed for hearinge.

M’ Caswell moued that whereas m' Wilmer desires there might be
fower Comiittees he might be one of those that should laye downe
their Salaries and m’ Barbo’ also desired he might do the like.

M’ Bennett said he had bin present at these passionate proceedinge
and that he was as much greiued at these intestine differences as at
the late Massacre: And said that he obserued many to be discouraged
at the grauntinge of the Salaries, but his hope then was his lp: would
haue disperced those Cloud€ awaye: But for his owne part he said he

224 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

would most willingly lay downe his Salary but hopes this buissines
wilbe againe so well debated and considered of as matters wilbe
brought to an easie end.

M’ Wilmer protested for the better clearinge of himselfe from that
suspicon w™ some might haue of him vpon a supposiéon that he spake
out of Enuy towardé the psons of those that had Salaries that he
spake it freely out of his conscience.

S' Edwin Sandys made Aunsweare that the buissines of the Salaries
was not so vnduely carried as he conceaued for the Counsell had duely
considered thereof and brought their opinions to the Quarter Court
w did ratifie and confirme them But he said that the Salaries (nowe
they had giuen them) cannot be taken awaye by a Quarter Court, nor
the Officers that they had chosen vnlesse they doe therevnto consent:
But he would that a time might be appointed for y® debating of these
buissinesses without passion or partiality. [155]

These thing¢ thus debated vpon it was at length agreed and ordered
by erecéon of hande¢ that a Court should be be warned to meete to
morrowe both forenoone and afternoone to consider of the matter of
Salaries and of the best course that may be taken for setlinge of that
buissines.

It was also moued that such as haue accused m‘ Deputy of false
entring of a Court will prepare and produce their proufes against to
morrowe that they may be heard: Wherevnto m* Wrote said he would
forbeare to doe it for the present and prosecute it in his due time and
place hauinge appealed vnto his Ma‘.

The Ea: of Southampton moued in the behalfe of a Noble & worthie
gentleman Collonell Ogle (that had deserued well of the Companie
heretofore and was also still well affected vnto the Plantaéon) that
they would please to graunt him his freedome w™ request of his Ip:
the Court most willingly condiscended vnto.

M* Mellinge moued that whereas there was heretofore a booke of
Lawes for Virginia put in printe without the authority of the Com-

FEBRUARY 4, 1628 225

panie w™ notwithstandinge is divulged abroad to be printed by the
Companies consent, that it might be taken into consideraéon by a
Committee appointed by the Court to the end the trueth thereof may
appeare w™ point was referred to the Quarter Court.

AN EXTRAORDINARY COURT HELD FOR
VIRGINIA ON TUISDAY IN THE FORENOONE
THE 47™ or ffmBRUARY 1622

PRESENT

Right Hono™ Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Cauendish.
8’ Edw: Sackuill.

m’ Bromefeild. m’* Widdowes.

S' Edwin Sandys. m’ Paulavicine. m* Isaack Seward.
S' Robt Killigrewe. m’ Do’ Meddus. m’ Moorer.

S* Io: Scudamore. m’* Steward. m’ Edwards.

S' Tho: Wroth. m* Wither. m’* Mellinge.

S' Edw: Lawly. m* Wheatly. m’* Swayne.

Dean of Paules. m’ Bland. m’ Webbe.

m’ Nich: ffarrar Dpt. m* Bull. m’ Ouffe.

m’ Gibbs. m’ Meuerell. mn’ ffran: Waterhowse.
m’ Binge. m’ Caswell. ||\m* Vyner.||

m’ Kightly. m* Gookin. m’ Saywell.

m’ Wilmer. m* Trueloue. m* Taylo’.

m’* Harvy. m* Bond. m’ Tatam.

m’ Tho: Shippard. m’ Hart. \|m?’ Barbor.||

m'‘ Boothby. m* Woodall. m' Hackett.

m’ Barbo’. with diuers others.

My lo: of Southampton signified vnto the Companie that he ||had||
staid aboue an hower expectinge a fuller Court, and said the occasion
of this meetinge was, that whereas [156] the Quarter Court had

16456—voLt 2—06——15

m’ Wrotts proiect.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

formerly sett downe a Course for the well managinge of the Tobacco
buissines, the said course beinge thought by some too burdensome,
they had propounded another waye w™ they were nowe to consider
of, desiringe euery man to speake freely and to each perticuler as it
should be proposed without disorder ||and|| passion and said he held
it fitt that the Proiect be read first all ouer and after examined by
parte.

A Declaration playnely shewing how the Contract may w™
less chardge bee menadged then now it is ordered

First the place of Director §and Deputy§' shall absolutely be laid downe and
the Sulary giuen to them shalbe wholly saued, the two Companies may supplie
the place of Director in their extraordinary Court called for that purpose.

There shalbe one sufficient Marchaunt chosen Treasuror to whome the Com-
panie may be pleased to giue 100" Salary.

Vnder him there may be placed a sufficient Accountant that may be his Cashier
to whome may be allotted 50" or 40" Salary.

There may be Ten Comhittees whereof fower to be chosen by the Sumer Ilanas
Company of the number of their Assistant€ and six by the Virginia Companie
to each Comittee 20" Sallary may be allotted.

There may 6 gentlemen be chosen indifferently out of both Companies w™ may
be in quality of Assistant¢ to the Treasuror to whome no Sallary shalbe allotted
but in case the buissines proues by their industrie and good carriage profittable
the Companie may with some smale gratuity testifie their good acceptance of
their endeauo™ and also comend them further to the Lord Treasuror of whome
it may be hoped that he wilbe pleased to consent to such a moderate guift.

To the Bookeeper there may be allotted 60" Salary p Afiu To the Beadle 15" p
Afiu

To the Husband 15" p Afiu.

To the jal] Clarke jfor] to waite wholly vpon that buissines 30".

ffor a howse wherein no man that hath a family shall dwell but the howskeeper
60" p Afiu or at most 80" sufficient Warehowse roome comprized therein.

To the Soliciter accordinge to the Discreton of the §Assistant€ &§ Coffiittees:
The whole charge of Officers howse and Coffiittees will not amount to 600" at
the vttermost for Sallary and howserent so in this alone there is saued aboue
1200" p Afiu.

If the Companies wilbe pleased to allott other 600" to be raised for y° payment
of publique charges in case so much shall neede there wilbe saued to his most

"The caption and preceding words of this document are in the handwriting of Nicholas Ferrar.

FEBRUARY §, 10@3 © | 227

excellent Ma“ and the two Companies 1300" yearely and of that 600" the offi-
cers shall giue a iust Account and make restituéon of the Remaynder if any be.
And it is not to be doubted but that there wilbe found so many worthie mem-
bers of both Companies as will vpon these Termes for one yeare and more
rather then the buissines shall fall to the ground to beginn this Hillary Terme
to vndertake this buissines, for consideringe that many |diuers| for diuers
yeares past euen for conscience sake haue with great alacrity giuen their
assiduous attendance for the Dispatch of the most waightie buissines of the
Plantations, when it was onely the worke of Societies nowe that therevnto
there is adioyned the seruice of his most Excellent Ma“° who neuer leaues
vnrewarded those that labo" for him, there wilbe I dare affirme a vertuous
strife and emulaton amoungst vs who shalbe honoured with this imployment:
These Officers should meete two Dayes in the weeke at least and oftner if
neede be.

To all these Officers I would haue an oath giuen for that the importaéon of
Spanish Tobacco is the jal] mayne branch of the Contract, The Preamble
may be altered so in fauo’ of the Aduenturer, that many men may be encour-
aged to subscribe who nowe forbeare by reason of y° hard conditons proposed
therein. [157]

To these may be added some Cofnittees at large and those of eminent quality
and great aduenturers in one or both the Plantations to whome equall power
and vote may be giuen with the other.

And in case that part of the Contract be punctually obserued that all the
Tobacco to be sold in bancke it wilbe necessarie to drawe a preamble to a
second roll whereby the Brothers of the Companies may be admitted to sub-
scribe what Somes |they| shall thereby be lymitted for the buyinge of the
Tobacco w* poore Planters shall bringe into this Kingdome that they may
not suffer by expectinge the sale of their good€ and attendance for money.

In this propositon of a certen Salary I rather giue waye to other mens opin-
ions then follow myne owne iudgem* for I determine not that this is the best
course but propose it as a better then that y*‘ is already established for if it be
possible to manage the buissines so, I could wish these pen@ons were changed
into gratuities according to the merrit of euery mans endeauo™ at y° end of
the yeare when the buissines is donn, and it plainely appeares y‘ the proiect
aunswers expectagon in point of proffitt: These two courses thus offered to
the iudgem‘ of the Court I humbly submitt to the censure of this Hono
Companie and if they be pleased to embrace either of them my desire is they
will cofiend that course they best like to the Virginia Companie to be also
approued by them.

228 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M’ Binge presented a paper to his lp: as from m* Wrote sayinge, it
was the same that the other was onely it had some addié@ons, w™ m'
Wrote thought vpon the last night w™ he praid might be read.

But the title of it beinge Obiections against the Salaries, it was
resolued to goe on with the Proposition deliuered to the Sumer Nands
Companie and desired to be recoffiended to the Virginia Companie
and desired to be recofiended to the Virginia Company, and by
the Preparatiue Court, wherein it was read and ordered to be consid-
ered of at this daye w™ was read all ouer together and afterward his
Ip: read the first Article w* was this followinge (vizt) ffirst the
places of Director and Deputy shall absolutely be laid downe, and the
Salary giuen to them shalbe wholly saued: The two Companies may
supplie the place of Director in their extraordinary Courts called for
that purpose.

Touchinge w™ it was first thought fitt to consider whither this newe
waye were a good waye or noe and whither it be better then the other
waye.

S" Robert Killigrewe demaunded first, howe it was in other Compa-
nies it was generally acknowledged that all Iointe Stock€ whatsoeuer
are managed by one cheife man and next vnder him some other in the
nature of a Deputy as the Companie had already ordered and that the
course propounded in the Article read was without all President:
And it was declared howe that the Companie ioyninge in a Magazine
together, w™ did not exceed 7000" in the vnderwritinge it was yet
thought necessarie to choose a Directo’ for the managinge of it, and
the like course was held in all manner of Iointe Stock¢€ whither for
trade or Plantaéon beinge all cofiitted to some one man as Directo’
or Gouerno’, and therefore it was dangerous to followe a newe waye
neuer before trodden.

Secondly it was obiected that the two Companies haue more buissines
already then they can well pforme and therefore they would neuer be
drawne together vpon such occasions so frequently as were neces-
sarie. [158]

PEBRUARY 4, 1006 °  . 229

S' Edward Sackuill said that it was a verie great indignity to impose
it vpon the Lorde that were the Gouerno”™ to attend continually such
buissinesses as the Directo* and Deputy were to pforme.

As for m’ Deputy he protested that though he spent his whole time
in the Companies buissines yet he was not able to ouercome halfe that
was to be donne for want of helpe, and declared howe that men were
not able to be gotten together for the auditinge of the Companies
Accounteé and that w” them many other of the most waightie buissi-
nesses of the Companie laye neglected: Wherefore it were to ouer-
throwe all to put more vpon the Officers and Companie.

S' Edwin Sandys said that in a Bodie consistinge of many Members
w* must all concurr in one Acéon there must be by necessity of nature
& reason one head to containe and direct them vnto vnity that to make
this one head to be two Court@ assembled vpon euery needfull vccasion,
was a thinge not onely repugnant to the’ celerity of dispatch w™
this buissines would require but also of insupportable toyle both to
the Gouerno’ Counsell and Companie.

It was also declared howe impossible it wes would be to make any
progresse in buissinesses in such a kinde of gouerment, where any one
might vpon pretence of requiringe to haue his vnderstandinge satisfied
in any pointe, call backe thing¢ concluded as was instanced to be donn
in the Sumer Iland¢ Companie where there hauinge passed a matter
in two ordinary Court¢, and afterward€ much disputed in a Prepara-
tiue Court and lastly concluded in y® Quarter Court yet in an ordinary
Court afterward one man because he was not present at the passages
thereof he required to haue it all againe read and argued: And because
the Court might be better informed concerninge this pointe the Lord
Cauendish propounded that a writinge presented to the Counsell and
Comhhittees before they resolued of this Course might be read concern -
inge the office of the Director specified in that writinge, all w™ good
part€ and sufficiencies although verie great the Court adiudged requi-
site in him that should haue the chiefe part in the managinge of this

1 Written over “that.”

230 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

buissines: And m‘ Woodall said that except him, whome they had
already chosen, he thought they would not finde a man that would be
able to pforme it, but he hoped he would.

In the end after a longe disputaéon of this pointe his lp: put this
Article to the question in this manner whither it were not impossible
that the Court€ should pforme the buissines accordinge as [159] was
propounded in that first Article, the whole Court by a generall erecéon
of hand¢ not one dissentinge confirmed it to be impossible.

Concerninge the second Article w™ was as followeth (vizt)

There shalbe one sufficient marchant chosen Treasuror to whome the
Companie may be pleased to giue 100" salary.

ffirst it was obiected that the Salary of 100" was so smale as there
might almost be as much lost in tellinge of so much money w™ in
receauinge and payinge could not be lesse then 100000" and that to
giue a 100" to aman of such sufficiency as that place required and that
must vndergoe so great a charge as that was, and that must giue con-
tinuall attendance thereon, was an vnreasonable thinge nor would any
man vndertake it except some that ment by tke imployinge of the
money or otherwise to make some extraordinary benifitt.

It was also alledged that the East India Companie when their Stocke
was but 100000" p Anim had giuen 300" and sometimes 4 or 500" to
their Treasuror.

It was also declared that of necessity the Treasuror must engage him-
selfe for takinge vp of moneyes for the buissines especially for the
payment of custome.

In the end after much debate and dispute of the matter, the Court
generally agreed, that the reward of 100" was nothinge proporéonable
and seemed so sensible of the smalenes of the Salary and the greatnes
of the charge and paines, as they generally declared themselues vnwill-
inge to accept of the seruice of any such as would for such a matter,
vndertake it: wherevpon his lp: vpon that Proposigon made these
two questions (vizt)

FEBRUARY 4, 1623 231

Whither the Companie do thinke 100" p Au a sufficient reward for
a Treasuror that must vndertake this buissines it was by a generall
erecéon of hand¢€ (saue 4:) thought vnsufficient.

Secondly it was put to the question whither the Companie would will-
ingly comitt their Stocke to one that would accept of the office for
100": It was therevpon by a generall erecéon of hand¢ denied. [160]

At A Court HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON
TUISDAY IN THE PORB||AFTER||NOONE THE 477
OF ffEBRUARY 1622

PRESENT

Right Hono™ Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: Cauendish.

S' Edw: Sackuill. m* Mole. m* Wheatly.

S’ Io: Brooke. m’ Kightley. m’ ffelgate.

S Edwin Sandys. m'‘ Io: Smith. m*‘ Seaward.

S‘ Io: Dauers. m’ Barbo’. m’ Mellinge.

8" Ro: Killigrewe. m” Caswell. m1’ Cuffe.

S' Edw: Lawly. m* Gookin. m’ Hackett.

8* Io: Seudamore. m* Hobbs. m’ Barker.

The Deane of Paules. m’ Ditchfeild. m* Webbe.

m’ Nich? ffarrar Dpt. m’ Caninge. m1’ Sheldon.

m’ Jo: ffarrar. m* Moorer. m’ Tho Waterhowse.
m’* Gibbs. m’ Tomlins. m’ Edw: Waterhowse.
m* Binge. m’ Porter. m’ Nicholle.

m* Wilmer. m’* Downes. m’ Hart.

m’ Wolstenholme. m’ Kirrell. m’* Elkington.

m’ Bromefeild. m’* Meuerell. m’ Tatam.

m’ Risely. m’ Bull. m’* Gold.

Capt Harvy. m’ Withers. m* Sparrowe.

m’* Edw: Johnson. m* Jadwin. m’ Ley.

232 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Capt Bargraue. ©“. m' Ro: Smith.  m’ Roberte.

m’ Bland. = m’ Wither. © ~~ m’ Woodall.
m’ Sheppard. m’ Taylo’.
m’ Widdowes. m’* Addison.

m'’ Wiseman.
with diuers others.

ffirst was read that w™ had passed in the morninge w™ beinge put to
the question was by a general] erecéon of hand¢ approued to be rightly
sett. downe accordinge to the sense, effect, meaninge, and conclusion.

M’ Binge moued to knowe why in settinge downe the proceedingeé of
the morningé Court, the reasons onely of one part vizt: that w the
Court afterward€ concluded were sett downe and the Allegaéons on
the contrary part omitted: Wherevnto answeare was made that it
was needles to expresse those reasons and exceptions w™ were disal-
lowed: And it was by diuers worthie persons approued to be the
custome of the howse of Perkeament Parliament onely to record
those mayne reasons that induced the conclusion and to omitt the rest
as needles and fruitles.

The Ka: of Southampton said he would nowe proceed to the worke of
this daye namely to examine the rest of the Articles of m'’ Wrotes
Proiect; Wherevpon the third Article was read w™ was this that
followe (vizt) Vnder him there may be placed a sufficient account-
ant that may be his Casheir to whome may be allowed 50" or 40"
Salary. [161]

My Lo: of Southampton willed m™ Deputy to declare what the Com-
panie had concluded in this pointe, who answeared that they had
had thought fitt there should be two Casheirs one continually to
remaine in the Treasury for |ly*|| receipt and payment of moneyes, and
other continually to goe about to call and receaue such moneyes as
daylie growe due.

S' Edwin Sandys said he considered in this buissines a two fold Acton
the one of receauinge the other of payinge and was of opinion that

FEBRUARY 4, 1693 233

these two would not coincidere: in reguard that it would many times
happen, that at the same instant there must be moneys receaued and
paid to diuers psons.

M’ Wither said that he was of opinion that there must be added a
Third Casheir in reguard that there would be an infinity of Bille and
specialities, receipt€ and acquittances to be made w™ would almost
take vp one mans whole time.

And whereas it was alledged that the Treasuror might imploye his
owne Servante that was not adiudged reasonable to require it: And
whereas it was said that this matter and other Offices would be pformed
in great part for loue, and for the part publique benifitt,

S* Edwa: Sackuill said ||replyed|| that he had heard great and worthie
Merchant¢ ingenuously protest that their end was their owne private
proffitt and not the publique good w® did belonge to publique psons
and not to private men.

M‘ Io: Smith said that hauinge spent vpon Virginia a verie great mat-
ter, he did by God¢ blessinge hope to receaue this yeare, a good quan-
tity of Tobacco w™ he would not willingly haue come vnder the hande
of them that would performe the buissines for loue and not vpon a
good and competent Salary, and his opinion was, that the imploy-
ment of these Salaries Casheires would be so great as they should be
enforced to keepe Servant¢ vnder them, for from them must come the
Instrucéons to sue out Processe, Bill¢, Informaéons, DeclaraGons. C’.

Wherevpon it beinge put to the question whither they thought it pos-
sible that one Casheir cann pforme the buissines of this charge, It
was passed by a general] erecéon of hande (saue onely one) that it was
not possible: And beinge put to the question whither they held it
necessarie to haue two Casheires it was generally agreed vnto. [162]

After this was read the 4 Proposition w™ was as followeth (vizt)
There may be ten Comiittees, whereof fower to be chosen by the Sumer
Hands Companie of the number of their Assistants and six by the
Virginia Companie to each Comittee 20" Salary may be allotted.

234 | RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Addiéon to the number of the Comiittees was not disliked but for
the Salary of 20" to each it was adiudged much too litle: ffor whereas
by the Proiect they were to meete at least two dayes in the weeke, 8‘
Edward Sackuill said that that was but 11 grotes a daye, but he was of
opinion that they should be enforced to meete so often as perhapps it
would not come to 12‘ a daye.

It was also said that men beinge in Trade whither Marchaunt¢ ef
llor|| Shoppkeeps could not spend so much time for so litle but very
much to the preiudice and neglect of their estat¢é; w™ when they
should peeaue although they might phapps at first beginn out of the
abundance of conscience yet that would quickely faile and thinkinge
themselues bound by a great bond of conscience to prouide for their
owne charge will either negligently followe the buissines or el€ phapps
seeke some indirect courses to satisfie themselues to the full of their
paines and labo’, w™ reasons and diuers others beinge well considered
of his lp: at length put it to the question whither the Companie did
thinke Ten Comittees so salariated as in the Article is sett downe,
would suffice to doe the buissines to the content of the Companie, it
was by a generall erecéon of hand¢ (onely two dissentinge) denied
and disliked.

§It was also put to the question whither they had rather haue 8: Com-
ittees with 50" a peece as was formerly ordered it was generally
agreed.§

After this was read the fifte Article w™ is as followeth (vizt:) There
may six gentlemen be chosen indifferently out of both Companies w™
may be in quality of Assistants to the Treasuror to whome no Sallary
shalbe allotted, but in case the buisines proues by their industrie and
good carriage profittable the Companie may with some smale gratuity
testifie their good acceptance of their endeauo™ and also comend them
further tothe Lord Treasuror of whome it may be hoped that he wilbe
pleased to consent to giue such a moderate guift.

Against this Proposition was obiected that instead of one Directo’
there were six sett vp, w™ kinde of forme would breed both infinite

FEBRUARY 4, 1623 © © 235

confusion in Counsell€ and determinaéons and delay in execuéon of
matters. [163]

It was also said that the mayne part and substance of the buissines
consisted in matter of proffitt and tradinge: In w™ thinge Gentlemen
beinge not expert, it was not conceaued, howe §they§ by their indus-
trie and good carriage should so much aduance the buissines.

It was also generally conceaued that the gentlem beinge of worthand
giuinge continuall attendance, the gratuity menéoned could not be
lesse then 100" a man whereby the charge would be much encreased.

In the end his lp: put the Article to the question and by a generall
erecéon of hand¢ it was disliked.

After this was read the 6: Article w™ is as followeth, tothe Bookeeper
there may be allowed 60" per Anu, to the Beadle 15" per Aiiu, To the
Husband 15" per Afu.

The abatement of allowance for the Bookeeper and Beadle were dis-
liked, And for the matter of the Husband who must be a man of
creditt and worth beinge to haue vnder his hand the whole Stocke
and bound to giue continuall attendance, the allowance of 15" was
adiudged that he must give a Servant vnder him more Wherefore the
Article beinge put to the question it was by a generall erecéon of
handeé disliked, and on the contrary the Salaries proporéoned by the
Companies well liked and approued.

After this was read the 7 Article vizt To a Clarke for to waite wholly
vpon that buissines 30".

And it was generally adiudged that it was impossible that one Clarke
should suffice, and m" Deputy said that although the Secretary kept
two men vnder him, yet he was not able so to ouercome the buissines
of the Companieas that he might haue his attendance for the dispatch
of buissines, Wherefore m* Deputy said he was forced as diuers of the
Companie well knewe to keepe a Clarke at his owne charge; and for

236 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

this buissines he said according to his vnderstandinge there would
arise an infinite deale of writinge to him that had the Deputies place.

In the end the Article beinge put to the question to haue on Clarke
was by generall erecéon of handé disliked.

After this was read the 8: Article w” followeth (vizt) ffor a house
wherein no man that hath a family should dwell but the Howskeeper
60" p Afiu or at most 80" sufficient Warehowse comprized therein: w™
beinge put to the question it was [164] by a generall erecéon of hande
thought impossible that 80" a yeare should procure a fitt howse and
sufficient Warehowse roome instance beinge made in the howse
wherein the Courté at present are kept, for w™ hath bin offered 100"
p Anu. and yet it is not capeable enough for the Companies vse for
Court€: And as for Warehowse roome it was by divers affirmed that
60" p Afiu more then belong€ to the said howse would not suffice:
Wherevpon the Article being put to the question was by a generall
erecéon of hand¢ disliked.

After this was read the 9" Article vizt To the Solicitor accordinge to
the discretion of the Assistants and Comhittees w™ beinge put to the
question was by a generall erecéon of hand¢ disliked.

After this was read these words followinge The whole charge of offi-
cers howse and Comittees will not amount to 600" at the Vttermost
for Sallary and hows-rent so in this alone there is saued aboue 1200"
p Au Concerning w™ the Court declared their mind¢ that they
made no question of his Ma“ Royall disposition in rewardinge of all
that did him seruice but since by his Ma” royall grace and the Lord
Treasurors Noble fauo’, the appointinge of Salaries and recompenc-
inge of Officers that should take paines was left to the Companies
owne iudgement, they were desirous to make vse of it without touch-
inge his Ma“ or the Lord Treasuror and so this Article beinge put to
the question it was by erecéon of handé disliked.

After this was read these wordé: to all these officers I would haue an
oath giuen: To w™ answeare was made, that was ordered by the

FEBRUARY 4, 1623 237

Companie in the Quarter Court, and the extraordinary Coffiittee
beinge the Lerd

Lo: Gaxendish |Padgett||. m* Gibbs.

Lo: Maynard. m‘ Wrote.
S* Edw: Sackuill. — m’ Io: Smith.
S' lo: Brooke. m’ Robt: Smith.

S' Io: Dauers.
S' Hen: Mildmay.

desired to take it into their consideraéon together with m* Deputy.

After this was read these word¢ vizt And for that the importation of
Spanish Tobacco is a mayne Branch of the Contract the Preamble
may be altered so in fauo’ of the Aduenturers that many men may be
encouraged to subscribe who nowe [165] forbeare by reason of the
heard condiéons proposed therein: Wherevpon m‘ Wilmott declared
3 exceptions that hindred him from writinge to the Roll, ffirst in that
he did not conceaue that the bringinge in of the whole quantitie was
certainely assured to the Aduenturers but onely the 40000 waight.

And further that the bringinge in of the 40000 w* was strictly tied to
one yeares Terme and so the Aduenturers had not the same liberty
as was by the Contract graunted to the Companie.

Thirdly he desired that if the Companie would beare a part, they
would giue better security then their Seale.

M’ Mole also said that he conceaued that the matter of fower Shares
and the lendinge of the Companie a Tenth part hindred many Aduen-
turers: Herevpon the Roll was read and for m’ Wilmotts doubte¢ it
appeared plainely, that the Vndertakers of the first 40000 waight, if
they would they might bringe in the rest excludinge all others and if
not they might leaue it w™ was conceaued a verie advantageable
pointe vnto them.

ffor the second it was declared that the Companies intent was to
graunt these vndertakers as much liberty as themselues had and so it
was in the begifinge plainely expressed where it is said that they

238 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

shall bringe in this yeare 40000 weight, if conveniently they may, and
if they cannot bringe in the whole conveniently then as much thereof
as they can conveniently.

ffor m*™ Moles Obiecéons it was aunsweared that if he could certainely
saye that any considerable Sofie would be brought in, if that clause
of buyinge fower Shares were remitted the Companie would consider
of it, but otherwise without aduantage to alter it were but to shewe
vneonstancy, and as for lendinge the Companies a Tenth part of the
Stocke brought in since by other meanes, the Companie could not
beare a part, the Aduenturers that had already vnderwritten had
desired that clause, and without the Companies beare a part w™ them
they would withdrawe the Somes they had vnderwritten, w™ diuers
of them beinge present confirmed.

After this the Article of the Roll was put to the question, that excepted
that was before, It was by erecGon of hand¢ generally disliked. [166]

After this the next Article w™ followeth, To these may be added some
Comittees at large and those of eminent quality and great Adventur-
ers in one or both the Plantations to whome equall power and vote
may be giuen with the other w™ beinge read it was put to the question
whither the Companie did like of that Article that superinduce y*
Third order of the Comittee: The affirmatiue had no hand¢ the Neg-
atiue all.

The Court ordered to continue duringe pleasure.

After this the Lord Cauendish takinge the Chaire and begininge a
Sumer Ilands Court proposed vnto the Court all those seuerall Arti-
cles w™ had bin pticulerly examined and passed in the Virginia Court,
and at the desire of the Court put them all to the question, the said
Companie ratifyinge and confirming whatsoeuer the Virginia Com-
panie had donn.’

The Sumer Iland€ Court is likewise ordered to continue duringe
pleasure.

} Rough notes concerning these affairs are referred to in List of Records, No. 404, Vol. I, page 164,
ante.

FEBRUARY 4, 16008’ 239

After this the Ea: of Southampton takinge againe the chaire read the
next Article w™ is as followeth And in case that part of the Contract
be punctually obserued, that all the Tobacco be sold in Bancke, it wilbe
necessary to drawe a Preamble to a second Roll whereby the Brothers
of the Company may be admitted to subscribe what somes shall thereby
be limited for the buyinge of the Tobacco w™ poore Planters shall
bringe into into this Kingdome, that they may not suffer by expectinge
the sale of their good¢ and attendance for money: w™ S* Edwin San-
dys said the Counsell and Comiittees had taken that point often into
their consideraéon, and they conceaued it would not be donn but by
Roll, but they had determined nothinge therein, but would with all
seriousnes and were eonsidered |icare consider|| what course was to
be held for the best aduantage and content of the Planter.

After this was read the last part of m’ Wrotes Proiect w™ followeth,
I could wish these pentions were changed into gratuities accordinge
to the merrit of every mans endeauo”™ at the end of the yeare when
the buissines is donn, and it plainely appeares that the Proiect aun-
sweares expectation in pointe of proffitt: The course therein pro-
pounded for gratuities was vtterly disliked it beinge contrary to the
Contract with his Ma“ wherein it was agreed that the Officers should
be rewarded by Salaries. [167]

And herevpon 8’ Edwin Sandys tooke occasion to acquainte the Court
howe by the Contract his Ma“ is to receaue his part at our lady day
and Michalmas accordinge to the proporéons that shalbe then receaued.

Wherevpon there was a necessity of settinge downe the Salaries at
the begininge for if they should be deferred till the later end all the
charges would lye vpon the Tobacco that comes home last and the
Sumer [lands w™ comes at the begifinge of the yeare would passe free.

S' Edw: Sackuill said that seing¢ Salaries that haue bin so much talked
of, continue but for one yeare and then both Salaries and Officers are
newe to be chosen, he could not see what great inconveniences can
followe the graunt if the worst fall out.

But m’ Moorer said the Salaries were dissorderly carried because the
Salaries were first proposed and passed and afterward¢ the men chosen

240 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

vnto them: But to this 8’ Edward Sackuill replied that that shewed
the contrary that they were fairely carried, for had the men bin first
chosen, it might haue bin obiected that the Salaries were made the
larger in fauo‘ of the psons, but it being first passed before these psons
were knowne, it was meerely in contemplacon of the paines and
charge of the Office w™ opinion the whole Court generally assented
vnto.

My Lo: of Southton put it to the question whither they did conecurr
with m* Wrotes wish in this last part of his Proiect, the affirmatiue
had no handé, the Negatiue had all.

M’ Rider moued that some speedie order might be taken for ready Sale
of the poore Planters Tobacco: But he was aunsweared that no cer-
taine order could as yet be made therein, but the Counsell and Comit-
tees would take it into their care and himselfe and all others were
desired to consider what course they could finde.

The Ea: of Southampton said that whereas m‘* Wrote brought a
Proiect vnto the Court with an opinion of proposinge a better and
thriftier waye for managinge the Tobacco: The Companie hauinge
this day exactly examined by parts in euery perticuler haue with a
generall consent dissallowed of them, saue onely in that clause that
agrees with the former order. [168]

After this the pap presented by m' Binge in morninge on m* Wrots
behalfe titled obiections against the salaries were read w™ beinge put
to the question by the Ea: of Southampton whither the Companie
did thinke them worthie of further consideraéon the affirmatiue had
no handé the Negatiue hed all ¢he-hand€, The Coppie of w™ writinge
doth here ensue.

Obiections agaynat F — F
the Sallarys. ia ___. Obiections agaynst the Sallaries

1ob: It is agaynst the Honour and Faith of y° Companie to lay an impositon
vpon y° good¢ of the Plant” without their consent first had nor yet vpon intent¢
of the Aduenturers they both hauinge the Seale of y° Companie to assure them
they would lay no other charge then the Statut€ layes vpon them and if the
Companie break¢ their Contracts solemly made no man will deale with them
hereafter. :

ue

FEBRUARY 4, 1623 241

2ob: It is dangerous also in example for the Companie that this yeare layes
thus much, may the next yeare lay fower times as much for a breach beinge
made by y® Companie into the priuiledges graunted by its selfe they may after
raise the charge to what pporton they please, and there is reason so to cenceaue
for there is a booke comended by #*-Getiended-by y° Companie to the Planta-
tion w™ constitut€ 7 correspondinge Coffiittees vizt of censure Defence health
Sustenance Trade &° w™ are to be brought into vse between y° Company and
Colony and if euery of these Comiittees should haue in generall 2500" penton
the charge would amount to neare 18000" yearely and if this proue a president
y‘ a branch one of y° heads as this of Trade for a Comodity that is esteemed a
vanity shall haue such a salary for y° managinge of it, if wee goe on propor-
tonably for eaeh |jeuery|| branch of Trade onely it will eat out the Stocke of
the Aduenturer and if accordinge to this head wee proporéon the rest the
Indies or y*° Revenues of the great Turke or Emperor of China will not suffice
to manage the buissines of the Plantaéon.

8: ob: It is not agreeable to equitie that seeinge wee haue made a lawe That
the Companie here shall not be charged with y° want-ef mayntenance of
Officers in Virginia wee should lay a charge vpon the goodes of y°® Planter
to mayntaine our Officers here.

4: ob: This exorbitancy of Salary shutt€ the gate to all benevolences of y*
Citty or other charity of priuate persons w™ have much heretofore aduanced
y® Plantation and was likely daylie to encrease, for who will giue to vs that
are thus profuse to others, and this hath already changed the pious intenéons
of some good men.

5: ob: Seeinge these Officers and Coffiittees neither take care for bringinge
home good¢ from Virginia nor the Sufier Iands nor for sendinge marchandize
thither by any ioynt Stocke all w™ is donne by the labo’ of the Planter and the
care of the Aduenturer, for w™ he is to paye factorage it is not agreeable to
reason that onely for ceasinge and sellinge of a mans good¢ (perhapps against
his will) he should paye such a Sallary before he knowe whither he shall gaine
or loose by their sale of his goode.

6: ob: It will ruine the Contract it selfe for this encrease of charge will make it
altogether vnsupportable so that the Marchaunt will haue no medium whereby
to be invited to send good¢ thither to buye the Tobacco of the Planter, and the
Planter will seeke forraigne marketts for his Comodity w™ in time will pro-
duce an indepeney||dence| vpon this Kingdome mutuall comerce beinge the
strongest bond y*‘ will vnite Virginia to this State.

87:ob: It is not vsuall to giue gratuities before the worke donn so that this hastie
conclusion of the Salarie seemes to be therefore sodainely donn because that it
might be deliuered vp together with the Contract that the one might passe the
other and this in substance hath bin aledged for a mayne reason.§

16456—voL 2—06——-16

242 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

8: ob: It was concluded in Court that had no power to giue the same as by the
99 lawe, If any ||man| moue frem ||for] any charge frem-anyeharge by waye
of guifte in what sort soeuer it shalbe first referred to a select Comittee, and
if the charge fall out to be vnder 30" it may be ordered by the next Court if
aboue it shalbe referred till the next Quarter Court, and this beinge no Quarter
Court for Virginia but a Deriuatiue Court, the guifte is voide in it selfe for
the Quarter Court cannot deriue its power to another Court saue enely in case
of invincible necessitie or evident vtility fer ||sol| this Act bind€ not the Com-
panie, for neither of both these appeare in this exorbitant Salary but all the
contrary, So that the lawe standinge in force the last Quarter Court no act
donne in a Deriuatiue Court can dispence therewith.
9: ob: The greatnes of the Salary will make men desirous of y* imployment and
so great discontent will arise in the Companie while those nowe imployed will
endeauo’ to retaine their places and others will practise to supplant them that
they may succeed them, envy and couetousnes herein concurringe will raise
factons amongst vs and those if they be not timely and and in their infancy
appeased will distract vs all.
10: ob: Seeinge this Contract was proposed first by some of those that haue y*
greatest Salary it wilbe in reason expected that they giue life and beinge to their
infant and foster it for one yeare for Charity or at least change their Salary
in certainety to a gratuity in expectancy in case the buissines proue profitable
and the proiect aunsweare the expectaton of his most Excellent Ma"* and the
hope conceaued |land|| By |then’|| them |instilled| into the Companies bresté
by w™ noble course they shall stoppe the mouth of clamourous people who
mutter between the teeth that the Salary was first in their intenton though last
in proposiéon, and the buissines will no Doubt be vndertaken and performed
for one yeare and* more rather then the Contract should fall by some gentle-
men and Cittizens well affected to y° Plantation if the nowe Vndertakers relin-
quish the worke because their Salary is moderated or revoked yet it is hoped
they will not fall from their auncient ||and|| accustomed goodnes by refusinge
to do this worke of Charity for conscience sake in either case in the ordinary
esteeme of men some blemish will light vpon them for their refusall. [169]
It is desired that this buissines of the Salary passe its triall by the ballating
box and that no salariated man though he hath given vp his penton be admitted
to haue vote herein. |*
The errors of my Proiect I confesse are many, I ame not so in loue with my
Brayn ¥et—but but ame contented it should be vilified and made an exposi-
titions and |I|| made no reply therefore yesterday to avoide contestacon,
1Erroneous interlineation by the reviewer.

* Written over the word ‘‘or’’ by the reviewer.
'This paragraph was inserted. It is in the autograph of Edward Collingwood, the reviewer.

FEBRUARY 4, 1623 tis a 243

This is all I nowe saye the errors of too smale exhibition in one or two officers
may be amended and need€ no exact research in the whole, if 20" p Afiu be
too litle for a Comittee it may be encreased to 30" and onely eight Comiittees
may manage the buissines, if a greater Salary would binde the conscience I
would yeald to it, but if conscience and honestie binde not neither will Salary:
The same men that w“out Salary are said to haue vndonn the Plantation would
scarcely haue bin honester for a penton, I intended it a Burthen to euery
officer saue such as be seruant¢€ because the imployment should not be desired
but imposed In fine if wee hope his Ma“ should for his interest protect vs,
wee must make as fewe Defalkatons as may be and in my iudgement in a
Doubtfull buissines whither it wilbe proffitt or losse wee should be moderate
in layinge burdens vpon that is already fully laden for if the proiect proue
of it selfe insupportable w” what argument¢ shewld |all|| wee be able to moue
his most excellent Ma“® to releiue vs, and if by this encrease of charge it
proue insupportable the blame wilbe imputed to our selues that by addinge
waight to waight crush the Contract.

ffor aunsweare to one ObiecZon, that where none is supreame the parity will
produce confusion I say the Treasuror shall in quality of President moderate

ti buleniines and assouiile tba Gemipitee. 5 deli 9h ged. derma

Vpon the moéon of the Lord Cauendish a Cofittee is appointed and
ordered to meete to morrowe morninge to read and examine whither
the Patent¢€ ordered to be drawne vp be so donn in the vsuall forme.

Ka: of Southampton passed two Shares to m™ George Garrett.
M’ Iohn ffarrar passed ouer one Share to m’ Robert Harley.
M’ Iohbn ffarrar passed one share to Elias Southerton.

The Lord Cauendish mouinge that whereas m™ Deputy stande charged
by m’ Wrote with an accusaéon of false entringe a Court the 7° of
October last that the same might be examined, and accordingly the
Court declare their opinions therevpon, but it was thought fitt to be
donn atthe ||by al] Quarter Court, wherevnto the Accuser hath
appealed.

The Virginia Court beinge ended and the Lord Cauendish takinge
againe the Chaire proposed vnto the Sufier Iland€ Companie whither
they did concurr in opinion with the Companie of Virginia touchinge

244 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m* Wrot€ obiecéons against the Salaries It was therevpon generally
acknowledged by the whole Court that they did vtterly dislike it.

And it beinge also moued, that whereas m’ Io: ffarrar stand€ accused
by m’ Wrote of seuerall pretended matters touchinge orders of Courte
[170] m* Deputy might likewise come to his hearinge and tryall the
next Quarter Court for the Suiier Ilande: The moéon was held so

iust and reasonable as the Court could not deny it him.

AT A GREAT AND GENERALL
QuartTER CoURT HOLDEN FOR VIRGINIA
ON WEDENSDAY THE 5° ffEBRUARY 1622

Lo

PRESENT

Right Hono” Ea: of Southampton.
Ea of Warwicke.

: St Iohn.

Lo: Cauendish.

Lo
Lo

S' Edw: Sackuill.
S' ffran: Leigh.
S* Io: Ogle.

S' Nicho: Tufton.
8 Phil: Carey.

S' Ro: Killigrewe.
S* Hen: Mildmay.
S' Sam: Sandys.
S' Edwin Sandys
S* Io: Dauers.

: Lawarr.
: Diauers.

S* Iohn Trevor.

S' Hen: Maynwaringe.
S' Edwin Sandys Tua.
S* Tho: Wroth.

S' Edw: Lawly.

S’ ffran: Kenastone.
S* Lawrence Hyde.

S* Humfrey Handford.
S’ Roger Twisden.

S* Io: Skudamore.

Do’ Dun: Deaneof Paules. m'’ Masterson. m’ Bull.
m* Addison. m’ Darnelly.

m* Nicho: ffarrar Dept.
m’* Garrett.

m’ Collett.

m’ Lawrence.

m'* Gibbs.

Aldfan Iohnson.

m’ Brooke.
m’ Herbert.
m’ Iackeson.
m’* Bond.

m* Wheatley.
m* Chetley.

m’ Kd: Iohnson.

Do’ Meddus.
Do* Anthony.
mn’ Io: ffarrar.
m’ Bromfeild.
m’ Risly.

m'* Tomlins.
m’ Steward.
m’ Io: Smith.
m’ Binge.

m’ Io: Wolstenholme.

m’* Wilmer.

FEBRUARY 5, 1628

Capt: Gifford.

m’ Edw: Palmer.

mn‘ Shippard.
m’* Mole.

m’* Morden.
m* Copeland.
m’* Balmeford.
m’* Berblocke.
m’* Lathum.
m’* Hobbs.

m’ White.

m’ ffreake.
Capt: Harvy.
m’ Harvy.

m1’ Jo Porter.
m’ Ro: Smith.
m’* Barkham.

m* W™ Iohnson.

mn’ Etheridge.
m’ D’Lawne.

m’* Lambe.

m’ Swinhowe.
m’ Moorer.
m’ Leuer.

m’‘ Couell.

m* Wiseman.
m’ Kightley.
m’ Parkhurst.
in’ Dike.

m’ Edwarde.
m’ Penistone.
m* Viner.

m’ Scott.

m’ Nicholle.
mn” Seward.
m’ Bolton.

m’ Grace.

m’ Palmer.
m’ Robbins.
m’ Roberte.

m* Whitley.
m’ Bland.
m’ Abdy.
m* Dawes.
m* Barbo’.
m’* Budge.
m’* Mellinge.
m’* Cuffe.
m‘ Bowater.
m'‘ Caninge.
m’ Langly.
m’* Shipton.

m* Bagwell.

m’ Edw: Bennett.

m’ Rich: Bennett.[171]
m* Arthur Swayne.

m’ ffran: Waterhowse.
m’ Tho: Waterhowse.
m’ Elkington.

m’ Lake.

m’ Gold.

m’* Barker.

m’ Sparrowe.

m’* Norwood.

m* Widdowes. m* Woodnorth.

m’ Eldred. m* Webbe.

Capt: Rossingham. m* Hackett.

m* Storey. m* Ley.

m’ Edw: Paulavicine.
m’ Edw: Gibbs.
m’ Thomas Gibbs.
m’ Tucker.

m’ Rogers.

m* Winne.

m’ Caswell.

m’ Diaper.

m‘ Jadwin.

m’ Witherall.

m* Boothby.

m’* Tomlins.

m’ Clarke.

m* Biddolph.

m* Meuerell.

m’ Stone.

246 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’* Moorewood.
m’ Peake.

m’ Christo: Martin.

m!‘ Tho: Martin.
m’ Colet.
m’ Hurd.

m* Moore.
m’ Towler.
m’ Hitech.
m’ Kirby.
mn’ Neuill.
m0’ Kirrell.
m’* Ewens.

in’ Harrison.

m’ Careles.

m’ Peirse.

m’ Procter.

m1’ Sheldon.

m’* Ed: Waterhowse.

m’ Phesie.

mn’ ffoxten.

m* Taylo’ ||w™ diuers
others. ||

Of the Sumer Dlande Company vizt

the Right Hono™ Ea: of Southampton.

S* Edward Sackuill.
S' Sam: Sandys.

S' Edwin Sandys.

m’ Io: ffarrar.
Aldef Iohnson.
m’ Gibbs.

m!’ Nich’? ffarrar.

m’ Bromefeild.
m’ Tomlins.
m’ Gifford.

m’ Shippard.
m’ Berblocke.
m’ Hobbs.

m’ Ro: Smith.
m’ Etheridge.
m’ D’Lawne.

Ea of Warwicke.
Lo: Cauendish.

m* Whitly.
m* Abdy.

mn’ Barbo’.
m’ Swinhow.
m* Moorer.
m1’ Couell.

m’ Wiseman.

m’ Kightly.
m’ Dike.
m’ Edwardeé.

m'* Penistone.

m’ Scott.
m’ Nicholle.

S' Iohn Dauers.
S' Tho: Wroth.
S' Lawrence Hide.

m’ Palmer.
m’ Roberte.
m’ Bagwell.
m* Bennett.
m’ Caswell.
m1" Rogers.
m’* Iadwin.
m* Meuerell.
m’ Mellinge.
m’ Cuffe.
m* Caninge.
m’‘ Sparrowe.
m* Webbe.
m’ Hackett.
m’ Leye ||w™ diuers
others. ||

FEBRUARY 6, 1623 . 247

At this great and generall Court was first read the last Quarter Court
held the Twentieth of Nouember ||last past|| w donn the Ea: of
Southampton said that for the better informaéon of this great Court
he thought it fitt that the whole proceeding¢ of the Companie touch-
inge the Offices and Salaries and other pticulers w™ of late haue bin
so much questiofied and defamed should be defamed declared and
manifested by readinge of those seuerall Court€ wherein those pointe
were treated of, and desired the Companie to giue due attention both
to the reasons themselues, and to the manner of those proceeding€
[172] Wherevpon was first read the Virginia Court held vpon the
Sumer Ilande Preeparatiue Court day beinge the 22" of Nouember and
after that was read the Virginia Court held on the Sumer [lands Quar-
ter Court daye, beinge the 27" of Nouember w™ beinge donn, his Ip:
willed to respite the Court held the 4" of December (wherein m*
Wrote with such violence burst out) to be read last; and so the Court
held the 29 of Ianuary was read; and after that the Court held on
the ffriday followinge purposely for the reveiwe and examinaéon of
the Court held the 4" of December; against the settinge ||\downel|
whereof m* Wrote had somewhat excepted: After that was read the
Court held on Monday morninge the Third of ffebruary and after that,
the Court held that day in the Afternoone beinge the Preparatiue
Court: Next cofiinge to the Court¢ held on Tuestday beinge the 4"
of ffebrua: w™ were held both forenoone and Afternoone and were
onely forthe consideringe and iudginge of the newe Proiect presented
by m* Wrote, his lp againe desired their diligent attenéon that they
might thereby be fully informed of the weakenes of m* Wrotes Proiect
and howe substantiall the reasons and argument¢€ were, for w™ the
Companie thought fitt vtterly to reiect it: Last of all was read the
Court held the 4" of December, beinge pfected by the Court held on
ffriday the last of Ianuary, In the readinge whereof cominge to that
Clause where m* Wrote replyed he spake not against the Contract but
meant only touchinge the Salaries, w™ buissines he said was not coii-
itted but carried fowly and disorderly and with much art, surrepti-
tiously, and to private ends And that divers of the Companie did both
then and since aswell publiquely as priuately in his hearinge com-

248 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

plaine much against it but durst not speake their minds freely, because
they were ouerawed: His lp willed that the word¢ might be read ouer
againe w™ beljling|| distinctly donn, he said that although he was
absent at the begiiinge of the Praeparatiue Court yet hauinge heard
it read, that S' Hen: Mildmay (amongst other thing¢) did then deliuer
that his ma“ pleasure was, that men should haue free liberty of speach,
and that he intimated that his Ma“* had bin informed that they were
ouerawed and durst not speake in these Courte, his lp: said it seemed
verie strange vnto him yet because 8’ Henry Mildmay had said it, he
did beleiue it, but he must withall beleiue that it was through a great
deale of misinformaéon and ||wondred|| that there should any man be
found so shameles to informe a Kinge of so falee a thinge and there-
vpon appealed to the Court to beare wittnesse in this pointe whither
they were ouerawed and durst not speake and whither they had [173]
not so much freedome as themselues desired: The Court with a gen-
erall voice and vnanimous consent professed that it was a false and
vniust imputaéon, that they were ouerawed and durst not speake, and
acknowledged to ||haue|| enioyed such freedome and liberty of speach
as was in no other Companie permitted and diuers said, that if men
should vse but halfe the liberty of speach in perticuler Companies of
this Citty or demeane themselues with that vnorderlines that diuers
Brothers vsed in these Court€ it would not be endured, but that they
should be either punished in the purse or sent to the Counters.

And because it grewe late and much buissines behinde, his Ip: put to
the question the continuance of the Court vntill the buissines neces-
sary for that day might be dispatched

And whereas also by order of the former Court there had bin warned
iz a Suifier [lande Court to ioyne with the Virginia in such point€ as
should mutually concerne them both the Lord Cauendish propounded
the begininge of that Court and the continuance of it so longe after
six of the Clocke as need should require both w™ were ordered by the
Sumer Dand¢ Companie.

These thinge beinge thus passed the Court held the 4" of December
was read out, W™ beinge donn the Ea: of Southampton said that the

FEBRUARY 5, 1623 a aa 249

report of these great distempers and indiscreéons of m™ Wrote related
in that Court caused him iffiediately after to cofie vp out of the
Country to prouide timely a remedie against the inconveniences that
would followe vpon this distemper and to that purpose assembled the
Counsell whither m* Wrote himselfe was warned, with whome he
intended to proceed in all gentle and faire manner, such as might
best bringe him to the acknowledgement of his erro’ and to the
reduceinge of him againe into the right waye: what the effecte
thereof were, and howe m* Wrote behaued himselfe to the doublinge
of his offence, his lp: said, the Act of Counsell would declare w™ he
willed to be read, w™ was accordingly donne: And after some pause,
his Ip: defiaunded whither m*‘ Wrote was in the Court, sayinge he
did expect him there either to avouch or aproue the thingé that he
had §spoken &§ donne or el€ to retract them, but m*’ Wrote appeared
not.

\jAnd|| St Samuell Sandys said that a litle before as he was cofinge
to the Court he mett m‘ Wrott cominge from the Court, and askinge
him whither he went m‘* Wrote said he was verie ill at ease and could
not staye. [174]

The Lo Cauendish said that he remembred that m’ Wrote had on
the Monday appealed vnto the Kinge and to such Deligaté as his Ma“
should appointe, and supposed that he did persist in that resoluéon
and therefore seemed to require the iudgement of those learned gen-
tlemen that professed the studie of the lawe what in this case was to
be donn.

Wherevnto m* Brooke made aunsweare, that m‘’ Wrote hauinge
appealed, if either by sufficient testimony of any present, or by other
good evidence it could be made appeare vuto the Court, that his Ma“
hath accepted of that appeale, then the Court was bound without any
farther medlinge in the buissines to reserue the matter entire to his
Ma“ pleasure from whome they deriued all the power and authority
they haue, But seeinge neither m* Wrote himselfe appeared nor any
other signified any such thinge, he did not conceaue that the Com-
panie was any waye debarred by his pretended appeale (w™ beinge

250 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

not accepted was as nothinge) from proceedinge in a due and legall
manner accordinge to the power graunted vnto them by his Ma” Let-
ters Patent€ w™ opinion was generally confirmed, and therevpon the
Court desired that m*’ Wrotes buissines might be handled.

S' Edwin Sandys tooke occasion to declare that as in many things he
did much differ in opinion from m* Wrote, so in nothinge more then
in the State of this buissines, ffor he was farr from conceauinge that
m’ Wrote was accused & prosecuted, but contrariwise thought it verie
apparant that he was the persecutor and Accuser: Hee had accused
the principall managers of this Contract with his Ma” of Arte and
priuate endé, the Comiittees he had blamed for disorder and negligence,
the Counsell he had traduced for improuidence and indiscreéon, the
Court€ for vsurpinge an vulawfull power, our Noble Gouerno’ for
ouerawinge the Court€, in Sofie the whole proceeding? in this buissi-
nes he had condemned for foule disorderly and surreptitious; where
by the waye to cleere the question whither the Quarter Court should .
transmitt a Derivatiue power to another Court, he said, that true it
is, that there are some things by the Letters Patents absolutely lym-
itted to a Quarter Co™ w™ cannot be transferred to any other as the
disposinge of land¢€, the makinge of lawes, the choise of principall
Officers with some other matters of like important quality, wherein
the power of a Quarter Court cannot be deriued to any other Court
but for the setlinge of those smale differences then dependinge between
the Lord Treasuror and the Companie the Quarter Court might [175]
transmitt the power thereof to another Court w™ in fine wrought no
other effect then this, then that the Act€ of that Court ||should be of
that authority|| as not to be reversed by any other then a Quarter
Court: The proceeding€ and resoluéons of w™ Court: m* Wrote hav-
inge questioned with so great acerbity of speach as also the Act€ of
the Counsell and Comittees together with the demeano’ of his lp: and
other psons of qualitie it could not be otherwise conceaued then to be
a direct Accusaéon and consequently that m‘ Wrote bare the part of
the Accuser, And therefore for him to appeale from his owne Accu-
saéon was somewhat a strange course and before not heard of, seeinge
no Appeale could be but a Gravamine for as for his suspenéon he said

FEBRUARY 6, 1623 - 251°

it was only for his contempt toward¢ the Counsell and noe other mis-
deameno™ so that he hath not bin psequuted thereby, (as he com-
plaines) but hath bitterly and vniustly persequuted others, for if his
Acecusaéon haue bin iust and well grounded why doth he forsake it
nowe the daye of Tryall is come, the daye of that Court to w™ himselfe
appealed, the psons by him accused stand here in the face of the
Court, submittinge themselues to the Tryall by him desired, they
expect their Accuser, hauinge hoped that he would haue come in like
a braue gentleman and iustified those felse §foule§ asperéons where-
with he had charged them, but Innocency and Trueth he said, were
bold and setled whereas calumnies and vntruthes were fearefull and
fugitiue.

Hee further said that of all his calumnies and Accusaéons there was
none more vniust, nor more apparantly vntrue then that wherewith
he had charged (though not by name yet by necessarie inference) my
Lo: of Southampton himselfe, namely that the Companie were so
ouerawed that their liberty of speakinge was taken awaye from them,
nowe what mischief€ haue ensued herevpon euery man might appre-
hend, for it appeared by S* Henry Mildmayes speach, that his Ma“
eares haue bin possessed therewith, euen as m* Wrote with his frende
and familiar hath filled all parte of the Citty and Country with like
causeles clamors and brought great scandall vpon the Companie, w™
wronge so great, so vniust and so pnitious, if they should be suffred
to continue and proceed wthout repressinge them, he sawe not but the
whole gouerment of the Companie must withall dissolue and fall into
extreame scorne, contempt, and confusion.

The Ea: of Southampton said that he could not without some pitty
thinke on the extreame trouble and vexaéon that one mans vnrulines
in his speach, and dissorderly carriage had brought vpon the whole
[176] Companie, hauinge forced them to keepe so many Court¢ daye
after daye, and that of so longe continuance and vnseasonablenes as
good parte of the night haue bin taken vp by them and that not about
matters of waight neither in his cause but onely for y° satisfyinge of
his f#ireleus friuolous exceptions and cauell€ and debatinge and

252 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

answearinge of his impertinent and absurd Propositions Wherefore
he supposed the Court should do verie well by a iust censure of so
many enormities and excesses to preuent the like oceasion of misde-
meano’ and molestaéon to themselues hereafter otherwise he did not
see but another man might be encouraged by the impunity of this
fact, to do as much the next Court, whereby the Companie should
be quite tired out and the whole buissines be vtterly ouerthrowne; for
such was the malignancy of this passage, that for full eight weeke¢ it
had hindred all other proceeding¢.

S* Iohn Dauers said that hauing seen m’* Wrote present himselfe since
the sittinge of the Court, and afterwarde¢ findinge that he had with-
drawne himselfe, it seemed plaine to him, that he had deserted his
cause w™ he sawe he could not mainetaine, and therefore he did not
thinke it fitt to loose any longer time in expectinge him but to pro-
ceed to the sentencinge of him, but yet before that was donn he
thought it fitt that those imputaéons charges and accusatons w™ m*
Wrote had laid vpon the proceedings of the Counsell and Companies
in the buissines of the Contract, and perticulerly of the Salaries,
should be propounded to the iudgement of the Court; (vizt) whither
they did approve all or any of them to be true w™ course was well
liked: Wherevpon his lp: put it to the question whither they did not
thinke that those exceptions charges imputaéons and Accusaéons laid
by m’ Wrote were not false and slaunderous, It was by a generall
erecéon of hand¢ adiudged that they were false and slaunderous noe
one dissentinge.

After this 8‘ Henry Mildmay stood vp desiringe liberty and fauo* for
a worde or two, ffirst he desired this hono™ Companie would not
thinke that he hath bin the instrument to stirr vp stormes but one
that hath endeavoured to allaye them And whereas he vpon the Mon-
day before deelared ||deliuered|| his aduise as from himselfe vnto the
Companie vpon some conference [177] he had with the Kinge touch-
inge certaine pointe, he was informed some made a question, whither
he had warrant to deliuered what he then did: Hee thought good
therefore nowe to signifie, that whatsoeuer he intimated before vnto

FEBRUARY 6, 168... 253

them he had nowe warrant from his Ma’ who by waye of aduise and
Counsell, but no waye to comaund them wished That verball differ -
ences may be left, and the busines of the Plantation goe on.

Wherevpon the Earle of Southampton said that for the matter of dif-
ference they were nowe about to laye them aside and to make such
an end as they might goe indeed forward with the buissines of the
Plantaéon w™ had bin verie longe and sorely interrupted: But if it
were his Ma” pleasure, they should not meddle with any evill worde
or evill behauio’ they would all obey: S* Henry Mildmay answeared,
he had no comfiaund, at all from his Ma“ but onely warrant to speake
what he nowe had deliuered by way of aduise

8S’ Edward Sackuill said that to proue a trueth one of the best eui-
dences is to haue one and the same thinge exd ||auerred|| by double
testimony that S‘ Henry Mildmay hath in substance faithfully deliu-
ered his Ma” most gracious aasweere message he can, knowingly
affirme and wittnesse for it beinge feared that some had endeau-
ored to preiudicate his Ma” good opinion with sinister relaéons of the
proceeding? of this Companie he did out of his zeale to trueth and the
duety he owed to this Society, mediate for accesse whereby he might
enioye the meanes as he did the minde to rectifie such misinformaéons
and remoue vniust impressions if any such haue bin harboured in
his royall brest but truly he could not finde that there were any:
onely that his Ma“ had bin pleased ewt-ef-his to send a Message then
irrevocable, by reason he beleiued it was already deliuered it beinge
then about three of the Clocke w™ in essence and effect did correspond
and accord with this nowe ifiediately related, namely that at last his
Ma invited vs to forsake words and fall to Actions and at last to end
to talke and begin to doe, w™ would most advance his service and
conferr the greatest benifitt vnto the Collony vnto w™ he wished all
happines.

The Companie did with generall voice acknowledge much ioye and
thankfullnes to his Ma“ for his so royall care and remembrance of
them and their affaires and that after such a manner as they professe

254 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

neuer to haue receaued a greater fauo™ And therefore it was generally
desired by the Court, that to make a finall end of these matters that
had so longe interrupted and diverted them that accordinge to his
Ma" graceous aduise and Counsell they might fall to actéon & dispatch
the buissines nowe in hand without any further circumstances or
delay. [178]

Wherevpon m‘ Christofer Brooke said that since the waye to bringe
it to an end was to fall to it, he would first beginn, And first he said
that by that w™ had bin declared against m* Wrote he did not per-
ceaue that he had accused but abused the Court and all those other
parties w™ he sought to disgrace and that in such a manner as might
not be let passe vnpunished, for as it is true that a President doth
more good then many precepts so an ill example in a Companie or
Society doth much more hurt as for the lawe he said it is plaine that
if a man enfranchised in any Companie shall speake against the good
thereof he may be disfranchised but if he shall contemptuously behaue
or carrie himselfe against y® Gouerno’ or Gouerment thereof he is
subiect to fine and imprisonment and although it was plaine that m”
Wrote had in both these kind¢ offended in a verie high manner, for
his word¢€ and behauio’ both to the Counsell and Companie had bin
extreamely contemptuous, and his moéons, attempt¢ and practises full
of indiscreGon and of euill consequence, as did maynely endanger the
ouerthrowe of the Companies and Planta@ons and wherein there was
certainely manifested a great deale of ill will yet because the worde
would not directly beare it, he would not therefore touch vpon his
ffreehold in Virginia by disfranchisinge him, but would aduise rather
that m* Wrote (hauinge so exceedingly misdemeaned himselfe) ||should||
by the Court, w™ as it had power to choose so likewise it had power
to depriue, be put of and excluded for euer from beinge any more of
the Counsell and further that he should be suspended from cominge
to the Court till he looked into his owne erro’ and made submission.

The Lo: Cauendish said m* Wrote had shewed an ill affecéon to the
treaty of the Contract since the very #*st begininge thereof for beinge
(before the Contract came to Proposition) a dilligent Attender at

FEBRUARY 6, 1623 me. 255

Court¢€, he since that time often absented himselfe from Court€ and
from the meetings of the Counsell and Comittee where that buissines
was handled and because he would not giue his consent, he therefore
would giue no aduise: And whereas before it his duety as a Coun-
sello’ to haue assisted with his Counsell and helpe for the preparinge
and ordered of such waightie and important point€ he refused and
neglected it, although he were pticulerly warned to their meetinge,
but when thinge were passed and ordered and could not be revoaked
then with strange violence and vnorderlynes vnder [179] pretence
of zeale and care of the Publique good, he did in all places publiquely
and priuately call in question the Act¢€ and proceedingé of the Coun-
sell Comittees and Companie defaminge and deprauinge them with
as many virulent asperGons as a foule mouth and an ill heart could
deuise, neither was his mallice bounded in these passages onely but
runinge out to other matters he made heauy challenges and laid foule
crimes vpon some of the principall Officers in the Company with an
intent onely to slaunder them, for as they had seen, he refused and
withdrewe when he should come to the pointe.

His lp: further said, he obserued his offences in that Court of the 4"
of December to be three: ffirst his exception against an order in the
Spanish Roll, where the Companie are to beare a Tenth part: Touch-
ing w™ hauinge refused formerly to giue his aduice although he were
warned to the meeting€ of the Counsell and Comiittees where that
buissines was largely and fully debated; yet after it was by the Act
of both Companies in their Quarter Court€ concluded and agreed, he
in that ordinary Court beinge told that it could not be altered beinge
warned that it might extreamely preiudice the Companies, would not
forbeare to dispute against it, nor would keepe any order, but speake
as often as he listed, and to the intent the better reasons ||w™|| w™
he was aunsweared might not frustrate their feares and discourage -
ment¢ w™ he laboured to instill into the Companies minde¢, he did not
only confidently avouch the Lawes of the Realme to be agreeable to
his opinion, but falsely (as by his owne confession afterward to the
Counsell appeared) affirmed that he had asked the Counsell of the
Lawyers pticulerly concerninge that pointe to make this evill sincke

256 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

lly*|| deeper and that this was donne not out of present passion and
heat, but vpon premeditate intenéon to raise a Combustion, His Ip:
said he was the more confirmed therein because at that Court he
obserued, diuers whome he had not of a longe time before seen in
Court@ and was generally knowne and obserued not to appeare or
shewe their faces but against a storme and Tempest: Secondly in
that Court +" m* Wrotes wronginge y° Counsell and that in a high
manner, in generall the Comiittees and Companie, all whome together
with the Gouerno’ he depriued not onely of want of wisedome and
iudgement to contriue and consult of thing@ but of want of care duely
to consider and prepare them; and lastly of honesty it selfe; for all
these things doe the word€ w™ he then spake not only imply but
directly and plainely charge, he sayinge that thing€ were not fairely
carried but fowly and with much art surreptitiously, and to priuate
end¢ and that the Companie durst not speake theminds because
they were ouerawed: So that there was neither wisedome nor care;
nor [180] nor honestie nor good meaninge: and although with a
protestaton post factii, he would seeme to turne it from the Ea: of
Southampton himselfe, and the rest of the Counsell; yet the truth
was, that those accusaGons could setle nowhere el€, for the Ea: of
Southampton himselfe and the Counsell were not onely consentinge,
but Actors and the chiefe and principall in all those passages w™ m’
Wrote had thus censured, and herevpon his lp: tooke occasion out of
the Court book¢€ themselues to demonstrate howe duely howe orderly
and howe fairely, all thing¢ had aswell in the Counsell & Coiiiittees,
as in the Court@, been carried, howe maturely they were prepared,
howe iuditiously debated howe freely propounded to the Court€ howe
men were invited to speake freely their mind€ concerninge them,
howe those that made obiecGons were not onely patiently heard but
thanked.

The third offence w™ m™ Wrote comitted in that Court was vnder a
pious pretence of the poore Planters good, to laye a foundaéon and
groundworke to nourish a discontent and dislike in the Planters
mind¢ concerninge the Contract and the Companies, and to sett him-
selfe vp for a Champion and Patron of them, as though the Companie

FEBRUARY 6, 16823 — 257

were negligent of their good or purposed to opresse them and so to
raise a mutiny: Besid¢ his Ip: said he would lay the heauier censure
vpon him for goeinge with so false an Accusaéon to the Kinge, as
implyinge that they were ouerawed and durst not Speake, w™ could
come from no man but m‘ Wrote: And therefore seeinge his Ma“ so
much desired an end of these differences, his lp: conceaued, it could
not better or sooner be pformed then by cuttinge of so vnworthie a
Member.

Wherevpon his lp: said that -he affirmed the former censure of the
Counsell and nowe his opinion was that m’ Wrote be excluded and
put of from beinge of the Counsell, neuer to be admitted thereof
againe: Secondly that m* Wrote be disfranchised from the Companie
as an vnworthie member, Thirdly that Cautions be giuen to all suc-
ceedinge Gouernors that they pmitt not m‘’ Wrote againe to steppe
into the Companie.

S’ Edward Sackuill said that he would not nowe stand to anatomize
the carriage of m* Wrote seeinge the Lord Cauendish had so fully
donn it, As for the censure w™ his lp: was of opinion should be laid
vpon him, he said that if m* Wrotes present behauio’ were onely con-
sidered he was of opinion, that the censure was farr vnder the merrit
of his demerritt, but he had both heard and seen that m’ Wrote had
formerly donn good seruice for the [181] Companie: Wherefore
although he was nowe an infected Member, yet because he might
phapps become good againe, his opinion was that he should be dis-
composed from beinge of the Counsell & suspended from the Courte
vuntill he make his submission.

S* Iohn Dauers said that he cannot remember much merritt in m'
Wrote for matter of Counsell and therefore would conclude him with-
out returninge that he should neuer more be of the Counsell: Sec-
ondly his opinion was that he should be suspended from cominge to
Court€ vntill he shall acknowledge y‘ his sentence is iust and fault
great and that in a Quarter Court: And further because of his many
appeales and threatnings heretofore openly in Court and el€ where

16456—voL 2—06——17

258 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

of prosecutinge his ill intenGon some other wayes if he shall not from
hence forward desist those indirect courses, his moéon was that m‘
Wrotes proceeding¢ together with the Companies sentence should be
put in print for the iustificaéon of the Companie.

8" Lawrence Hide said he was sorrie to heare a man of that sufficiency
as m‘ Wrote had shewed, comitt so great a fault as to be guilty of
mutiny and so great obstinately §to§ psist in so bad a course, he
hauinge bin offered so many meanes both from the Counsell and
Companie to see and afnend his erro’ withall he feared his fact is
such as some others of the Company haue bin infected thereby and
therefore for examples sake and that this his censure might bea
Terro’ vnto others, he held it fitt he be excluded for euer both from
the Counsell and Company without acceptinge of any submission or
acknowledgement at all howe great soeuer.

Herevpon the Ea: of Southampton said, that seeinge the opinions
were somewhat different, he would propound a middle waye touching
his suspenéon from the Geanse ||Company||, namely that it might be
for a time vntill he shall submitt him selfe and not absolutely for euer,
In the end after some dispute it was thought fitt to make a question:
ffirst therefore his lp: putting to the question whither m™ Wrote
should be put of and excluded for euer from beinge of the Counsell;
It was by a generall erecéon of hand¢ (no one dissentinge) concluded
and ordered that he should be put of and excluded for euer from the
Counsell.

Secondly my Lord put it to the question whither the Companie would
haue m‘ Wrote disfranchised or suspended as had bin proposed, It
was by plurality of hand¢ agreed that he should be onely suspended.
[182]

Thirdly his Ip: put it to the question whither his suspenéon should
be absolute for euer has had bin propounded or whither after a cer-
taine time vpon his submission he might not be admitted the question
beinge put it was by a generall erecéon of hand¢ agreed his suspention
should not be for euer.

FEBRUARY 6, 1623 - — 259

ffourthly it was put to the question whither his suspenéon should be
lefte indifferently vntill he shall submitt, or whither he should be
absolutely suspended for one whole yeare, wherein his submission
though he offered it should not be accepted: It beinge put to the
question it was by a generall erecéon of hand¢ ordered and agreed,
that in reguard he had neglected that time, (wherein he might haue
made his peace if he had submitted himselfe) he should therefore be
excluded for one whole yeare entirely, wherein his submission should
not be accepted although he should offer it: But at the yeares end if
he shall then make his submission to the next Quart’ Court followinge
in such good manner as shalbe fitt, that then it is left to the pleasure
of the Quarter Court to readmitt §but§ without due submission it was
ordered he should neuer be admitted.

Lastly vpon S* Iohn Dauers moéon that in case m‘ Wrote notwith-
standinge his iust censure, shall persist in his willfull opinion and
courses to cast asperéons vpon the Company and Court€ or any way
wronge or molest them, directly or indirectly, then to cause his sen-
tence w™ a Declaraéon of his proceeding¢ be put in print; w™ moéon
beinge well aproued of, was put to the question, and by a generall
erecéon of hand¢€ ordered accordingly.

Vpon moéon it was generally agreed and ordered that St Robert Kil-
ligrewe should be of the Cofhittee in stead of m* Wrote nowe sus-
pended.

S' Edward Sackuill said that although it was vnseasonable yea almost
vnmannerly to abuse the patience of this Court w™ longer discourse,
their eares beinge already harried and wearied with too much noise of
this kinde, yet he would presume a litle further on it, beinge engaged
by promise to impart this night what he had to trouble them with,
and hoped easely pardon, since it tend€ either to ||tke their|| Hono’ or
their proffitt, if not to both: Meetinge of late casually with St Thomas
Smith (who once and that longe had bin the Primus moter in this
Companie) he addressed [183] himselfe vnto him seeminge much
discontented at the professions he had heard S* Edward had made in

260 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

diuers places of his beinge in debt to the Companie, he beinge one,
that vsed not to deny what he had said, and cofionly to speake what
he thinke 8’ Edward said he confessed it true that he had spoken to
others as much as was informed him by persons of good worth and
vnderstandinge whome as yet he had no cause to discreditt: Where-
vpon 8’ Thomas professed his integrity and innocency, and amongst
many Argument¢ he vsed two w™ most moued ||w™|| S' Edwardé: one
that if he were indebted so much as was imputed why did the Com-
panie that pretended necessity forbeare thus longe to beginn to recouer
it, he beinge able to make satisfacton: Next S' Thomas Smith pro-
tested he had diuers times importuned an auditinge of his Accounte,
w by the space of three yeares he could neuer yet obtaine, though
for his part he had delivered in all his book€ whereby to taxe him;
There was then present two gentlemen of good worth and reputaéon
S' Humfrey Handford nowe Sheriffe and one m* Abdy a rich mar-
chant that confirmed as much addinge they had by assent of the Court
and vpon oath examined his Account¢, and in the ballancinge of them,
found the Companie to owe vnto 8’ Thomas Smith fiue hundred and
odd pounde w™ they had wittnessed vnder their hand€ and deliuered
vnto this Court: Herevpon S* Thomas Smith desired he might goe
|lon|| with peace into his graue beinge already farr stricken in yeares,
w alone must shortly period his dayes, were it not accompanied with
many other infirmities incident to age; the paines whereof, though
many times they much tormented and afflicted him were nothinge in
comparison of those wherewith his good name and reputaéon stood
affected by these iniurious and vniust asperéons espeacially proceed -
inge from thence whome he had hoped to haue merited by his many
yeares paines a better returne and acknowledgement: S* Edward
Sackuill therefore said, to deny this request of his was meere iniustice
and to delay it but hard iustice, wherefore he beseeched the Court to
appoint some with expidiéon to put a finall end to this buissines by
liquidaéon of his Account, and by the verity of them, lett him stand
or fall, till then (he said) himselfe and every man are bound in Charity
to hope the best and in honestie to condemne no man that that
fairely put¢ himselfe to his tryall, and by this waye proffitt will redound

FEBRUARY 6, 1623 261

to the Companie if there be any thinge due, and if not it is for their
hono’ to giue him a Quietus est. [184]

Wherevpon S' Edwin Sandys said that he conceaued the office of the
Auditors was not to make an Account but to examine it, but the Audi-
tors after longe and great labo" taken in pvsinge and considering of
the Account exhibited by St Thomas Smith haue found the same so
defectiue, disorderly and intricate as it can hardly merritt the name
of an Account, beinge many wayes faulty and altogether vnexaminable
w he spake not (as he said) to laye any asperéon vpon the reputaéon
of St Thomas Smith, further then of neglect and that through multi-
tude of buissines: ffor the world knewe that St Thomas Smith neither
kept the Account€ nor made them, but to satisfie St Tho: Smith him-
selfe that the fault of not auditinge was not in the Auditors, but in
the Account€ he had in writinge ready to shewe certaine waightie
exceptions formerly taken against them w™ yet he desired not to be
read openly in Court beinge prepared onely for the present veiwe of
my Lord of Southampton, who had oftentimes moued the Auditors
for dispatch of those Account€: Notwithstandinge, my Lo of South-
ampton desired they would proceed to doe something therein, and if
they finde them bottomeles, then to certifie S* Thomas Smith what
the defect¢ be w™ was promised should be donn w™ as much expidiéon
as other buissines would pmitt.

His lp: moued that these followinge might be admitted of the Counsell
in respect of their worth and sufficiency vizt

Lo: Maynard.

Col: Ogle.

Lo: D’Lawarr.

Lo: GenY%all Veere.

8S’ Lawr: Hide Knight.

All w™ beinge put to the Question were by a generall erecéon of hande
admitted accordingly.

262 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

These 3: Patent€ examined and compared in the morninge by a
Comittee appointed by the former Court were put to the question and
approued and order giuen for the sealinge of them. _||viz||

Patent to Capt: Io: Martin
Patent to m* Arthur Leuellis
Patent to m* Haberly and James Haberly his Sonne. [185]

These Comissions followinge were all put to the question and ordered
to be sealed (vizt)

Comission graunted to m‘ Richard Mitton m” of the Abraham of
Topsom first for transportaéon of Passengers and after for a fishing
voyage.

The like to m’ Richard Curtis m‘ of the Mary Margaret of Topsom
first for transportaéon of Passengers and after to goe a fishinge.

The like Comission to m* Gabriell Barbo™ for the Bonny Besse of
London of about fower score Tun for transportaéon of Passengers
and after for a ffishinge voyage.

The like was graunted to m‘ Richard Quaile m’‘ of the Ann of Vir-
ginia for transportaéon of passengers and after for a ffishinge voyage.

Vpon the moéon of m* Arthur Swayne and m* W™ Constable a Com-
ission was graunted to m* *Reignolds m’ of the W™ and Iohn to
goe a fishinge onely for the reliefe of the Colony.

S' Humfrey Handford passed one Share to 8* Tymothy Thornhill.

This Court beinge read was confirmed by erecéon of hand¢ to be truely
sett downe to the effect and sense of ||y*|| thing@ said, donne and passed
therein.

1A blank space in the manuscript.

FEBRUARY 12, 1623

At a CourT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON
WEDENSDAY THE 12: ffEBRUARIJ 1622 BEINGE
THE SuM=eR ILANDS QUARTER COURT DAYE

the Right Hono™: Ea: of Southampton.

S* Edw: Sackuill.
S' Io: Brooke.

S* Hen: Mildmay.
S* Sam: Sandys.
S* Edwin Sandys.
S* Io: Dauers.

S* Ro: Killigrue.
S’ Tho: Wroth.
8S’ Nath: Rich.

S* Lawr: Hide.
8* Sam: Argall.
m* Pheasaunt.

m’ Nich’? ffarrar.

m’ Alder: Johnson.

m’ Jo: ffarrar.

m’ Brooke.

m’ Gibbs.

m’ Nicho Hide.
m’ Bromefeld.

m’ Binge.

m”* Butler.

m* Tho: Shippard.
m’ Ro: Smith.

m’ Tomlins.

PRESENT

Ka of Warwicke.
Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: StIohn. [186]

m* Geeringe.
m*‘ Caninge.
m’ Berblocke.
m’ Cratford.
m'* Ed: Iohnson.
m’' Risly.

m* Garrett.
m’ Cartwright.
m' Witherall.
m* Widdowes.
m* Boothby.
m’" Hart.

Do’ Meddus.
m* Morer.

m’ Porter.

m’ Couell.

m’ Wiseman.
m’* Bennett.
m’* Swinhow.
m’ Etheridge.
m’ Hobbs.

m’ Nicholle.
m* Caswell.
m’ Dike.

m’ Ley.

m* Tickner.

m’ Hacket.

m'* Harding.

m’ Morley.

m* Sparrowe.
m’ Scott.

m* Lukin.

m’‘ Ioseph Man.
m’ ladwin.

m’ Edred.

m* Kirby.

m’ Truloue.

m’™ Waterhowse.
m1" Elkington.
m’ Gold.

m’ ffran: Wat'howse.
m’* Wood.

m* Seaward.

m* Rich: Bennett.
m1’ ffreake.

m’ Rossingham.
m’* Harrison.

m’ Leuer.

264 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m1’ Io Smith. m' Abra: Chamberlen. m’ Io: Wolstenholme.
m’ Rogers. m* Edwardé. m1’ Barker.
m’ Whitly. m’ D’Lawne. m’* Darnelly.
m’ Ditchfeild. m’ Meuerell. mm’ Barkham.
m’ Barbo'. m‘ Math: Sheppard. m* Withers.
m* Gough. m’ Mellinge. m’ Strange.
m* Thaire. m’* Cuffe. m’™ Whitcombe.
m’ Roberteé. m* Lambe.
m* Woodall. m’ Palauicine.
Capt Gifford. m’ Collett.
m* Webbe. with diuers others.
m’ Owen Arthur.
m* Gore.

m’ Buckeridge.

This daye was held the Quarter Court for the Sufier Nand¢ w®™
hauinge dispatched their perticuler buissines, The Ea: of Southton ©
said that he had somethinge to acquaint them concerninge the Con-
tract; wherefore as also in reguard that the Virginia Quarter Court
had referred the confirmaéon or reformaéon if a better course could
be propounded of the Sallaries and manner of managinge the Contract
he therefore moued that in reguard these thing€ equally concerned
both Companies, the Virginia Companie whereof a large number had
very longe attended in the Parlours might be called in, and these
point€ propounded and debated together with them, for so by the
addigon of many able and wise psons the matter would be the more
fuller and soundly debated, and more fairely and iudiciously concluded,
and this course was so much the more seasonable because all the
Sumer Ilande Companie exeept-seme ||sauel] one or twoe were free
of the Virginia Companie.

Wherevpon the Ea: of Southampton takinge the Chaire signified vnto
both Companies that the Contract w™ had so longe hunge in suspence
was nowe againe sent signed by the Lord Treasuror without any alter-
acon [187] at all from that w™ was formerly agreed on by the Quarter
Court€ and that the Lords of his Ma“ Priuy Counsell hauinge bin
acquainted by the Lord Treasuror with the Contract did verie well

FEBRUARY 12, 1628 _ 265

approue thereof Onely one thinge he was to signifie vnto them from
the Lord Treasuror touchinge the Proclamation w™ by the Articles
was to be presently graunted; w™ for some waightie reasons, no waye
preiudiciall to the Companies, the Lord Treasuror desired might be
respited for 3 or 4: Moneths only: after w“ time the Lord Treasuror
promised there should be such a one graunted vnto them as themselues
desired and in the meane while said that the Companies might make
vse of the Proclamation graunted to the former Patentees, and besid¢
they should iMediately haue his lp* Letters written to all the Port€ in
England in so effectuall a manner as the Proclamaéon it selfe should
not worke more to their benifitt: The same course likewise should be
held for Ireland by verie effectuall letters written to the Lord Deputy
to prohibite the plantinge of Tobacco there, and to forbidd the impor-
taéon of any, but such as by the Companies should be brought in:
Wherefore by these good Supplies the Lord Treasuror conceaued, the
want of Proclamations for so smale a time as is desired could be no
preiudice at all vnto them, but the forbearance thereof was for some
important reasons of State absolutely necessarie.’

This the Ea of Southampton said was the Proposiéon w™ he was to
offer vnto the Companies from the Lord Treasuror wherefore he
desired them to take it into their consideraéon whither they might
giue waye vnto it or noe.

Wherevpon m* Deputy said that if the Companies had so earnestly
desired the Proclamation onely to the intent to debarr the Importaéon
of Tobacco by any but themselues, the delay thereof for so short a
while as was propounded (the want of it beinge otherwise to be so
well supplied) might in his opinion be yeilded vnto, but he said that
in the first treaty of that pointe the countenance and reputaton w™
the Companie should receaue by so publique a Declaraéon of his Ma*
graceous fauo’ and loue tothem in graunting them the sole Importaéon
was a motiue that exceedingly swaide with the Companies: and nowe
on the Contrary the want thereof as it would much discourage them,
so phapps it would disgrace them.

1The order of the Privy Council for the Contract is mentioned in List of Records, No. 406, Vol. I,
page 164, ante.

266 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

S* Edwin Sandys said there neuer hauinge bin any restraint in Ireland
for the Importaéon of Tobacco, it would be verie difficult without a
Proclamation to doe any good there. [188]

But neither this nor m™ Deputies reasons were adiudged of such
force as therefore the Contract should not be proceeded in, by deny-
inge to yeald to the Lord Treasurors request: Wherefore after some
consideraéon of the Proclamation graunted to the former Patentees
whereof it was adiudged there might be made good vse, and after
much dispute and many moéons made for obtayninge a longer time
for bringinge in of the Spanish Tobacco and that the paymente¢ should
not begin vntill the Proclamation should come forth and diuers other
such like w™ were all reiected as thing¢ of no great moment, and w™
perhapps would much distast the Lord Treasuror, the Comp’: desired
his lp: to put it to the question w™ was donn in this manner vizt:
Whither the Company would conclude this bargaine notwithstandinge
the delaye of the Proclamation vpon my Lo: Treasurors promise that
they shalbe strengthned with all other helpes both for this Kingdome
and Ireland: Provided they may haue the Proclamation w™ hath bin
already offered by the Companies and approued by m* Atturney or
some other to as good effect before the 20 day of Iune next, and this
condiéon to be inserted in the Letters Patente This by a generall
erecéon of hand€ with an vnanimous consent of the whole Court was
approued no one dissentinge.

This buissines thus concluded the Ea: of Southampton desired them
to proceed with the other buissines concerninge the manner of
managinge the Contract and the Salaries against w™ so many and
bitter exclamaégons had bin made by some as thing most vniust and
vnreasonable.

But diuers that had heretofore professed themselues against these
point€, moued that because it was nowe verie late the consideragon
and disputinge of them might be referred to a farther time, some
sayinge they were not fully prepared, others that they would treat of
it in a Sumer Iland¢ Court ||only|| and not in the presence of the Vir-
ginia Companie: Some said that although they were members of the

FEBRUARY 1, 1603 °°: 267

Virginia Companie yet hauinge there no other Aduentures then their
land and lookinge for no good¢ they would not meddle one waye or
other therein as members of the Virginia Companie, for since the
Salaries was to be raised vpon the good¢ they did not thinke it fitt to
medle with imposinge any charge, whereof themselues should not
beare a part, wherefore as in a Virginia Court they would say
nothinge but in a Suffer Iand¢ Court, in w™ Plantaton they were
verie deepely engaged they would declare themselues freely: . [189]

To these last m* Deputy aunsweared that he hoped the bond of that
oath w™ they had taken as Counsello” for Virginia would sway as
much with them to assist with their Counsells and good reasons if
they had any, to prevent the dafiage of the Plantation in Virginia if
they conceaued any likely to followe by theis Sallaries as their private
estate and proffitte should for the Sumer Iande:

But for those other that required further time, he said, it seemed
wonderfull strange to him that men that had raised such straunge
stormes and Tempest€ concerninge the Sallaries, not onely to the
disreputaéon of the Companies proceeding€ but much to the hinder-
ance of the Plantaéon it selfe and to the vtter disgraceinge and
defaminge of some verie worthie persons, hauinge sought to make
them infamous not onely in this Citty, but through the whole King-
dome and onely for accepting of these Salaries, that after all this
mischiefe donn they should be yet vnprepared w™ plaine and euident
reason to ouerthrowe the Salaries he could not sufficiently mervell
and that the more because he sawe before his eyes some of them who
in the Court the 11" of December when the consideraéon of the Sal-
aries was referred to this present day said that they would against
that time fortifie themselues to cut the Throat of the Salaries:
Wherefore he desired them verie earnestly without any longer delay-
inge to bringe forth those waightie reasons for w™ they haue so much
traduced and defamed this matter.

Herevpon some said that the two great Salaries were too high, that
the seruice that should be this yeare donn in sellinge of the Tobacco
could not deserue such ffees, for perhapps the Tobacco would be sold
most of it in great peell¢ by the Candle.

268 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

S' Edwin Sandys said that hauinge surrendred his place, w™ he verie
seriously protested he would not againe accept, he would speake
freely what he thought, he said that he conceaued this buissines to
be one of the most difficult and intricate that in the like kinde had
bin euer attempted: and that the matter of sellinge the Tobacco was
one of the least part€ of the buissines as had bin well declared in a
writinge presented to the Counsell and Cofiittees before the Quarter
Court wherein the Offices were propounded and passed, for although
that care and labo" should be much eased if the Sales Should passe so
in great peell€ as was propounded, yet it could not be but that much
would remayne behinde, whereof there must be daylie sellinge, but
this was the Comittees labo’ propperly, the [190] Directors and
Deputies and Treasurors would be a continuall and endles labo" from
the keepinge out of bringinge in Tobacco vnduly, the attendance of
the Lord Treasuror, the aunswearinge and satisfyinge of so many
hundreth of people as would be interessed in this buissines, the pro-
poréoninge of mens Diuident¢ w™ would be often to be made and that
verie intricate considering that the buissines depended vpon many
and very indifferent Account€ and part€ w™ yet must all be reduced
to one vnity of Acéon: These seuerall part€ he said besid€ an infinite
number of lesser acéons were so many as the performance of them
did amaze him when he considered of them, so that he did not thinke
that any two mens sufficiencie for vnderstandinge nor hability for
bodily paines could suffice to the pformance of all these thing@ w™out
a great deale of other good help.

S' Henry Mildmay moued because it was nowe growne very late that
the agreement about the Salaries might be deferred till the next
Quarter Court vntill his Ma“ pleasure were further knowne whither
he would giue allowance of so great a proporéon or noe: but for the
present he held it altogether vnfitt to be concluded vpon.

Wherevnto Aunsweare was made that there was a necessity of resolu-
inge vpon Officers and Sallaries nowe at this present because all the
Tobacco would be come home from the two Plantations before the
next Quarter Court; and therefore if in the meane time no Officers
be appointed for managing of the Tobacco when it shall come home,

FEBRUARY 12, 1623 a 269

the buissines would be vtterly neglected and both the Kinge and
Companies will thereby be much preiudiced in pointe of proffitt.

As for further seekinge to his Ma’ since it pleased him (as by the
Articles appeared) to referr the appointinge of Sallaries to the Court¢
consideringe they were to beare two Third¢ to his Ma“ one that was
adiudged altogether needles ||for|| hauing by the Lord Treasurors
fauo’ obtayned that grace why should they not accordingly make vse
of it accordinge as themselues should finde most benificiall for the
aduancement of the buissines.

M’* Alderman Johnson said that it was to be considered what coue-
nant€ and explanaéons the Agent¢ will enter into to free the Com-
panie from the Contract w™ his Ma“ touchinge the Spanish Tobacco,
he said he found no fault with the Salaries but with the greatnes of
them in grosse beinge 2500" for he said if a [191] smale quantitie of
Tobaeco comes home that must be charged for any thinge appeares
to the contrary with the whole Some of 2500" And on the other side
if ready Chapmen be found to take of this Tobacco when it doth come

home by a Iointe Stocke what shall these Sallary men then deserue:
Hee therefore concluded that it were fitt for the faire and safe car-
riage of the buissines that there be a Tripertite Indenture drawne
between the Kinge and the Companies and the Vndertakers and that
there should be a stinte sett downe howe much should be laid vpon
euery pound of Tobacco.

To this last pointe it was answeared that there could not be any cer-
taine Sofie nowe sett downe, but that was to be left till hereafter,
when if great quantities come in, the burthen would be the lesse, if
but smale quantities then there must be the more laid vpon the pound
of Tobacco in w™ case it was verie certaine that the addiéon of greater
charge for the raisinge of the Sofie propounded could not be so much
but that it would be manifoldly repaide by the aduancement of the
price of Tobacco for it was certaine that if the quantitie of Tobacco
should be but smale, it would be sold at a verie high rate.

S* Nath: Rich moued that the Virginia Companie would deferr their
resoluéon of the Salaries vntill the Sufier Ilande Companie haue con-

270 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

sidered thereof and agreed therevpon, for he hoped that it twas not
intended that these of the Sumer Dland¢ Companie should haue the
1 same burden laid vpon them as vpon the Virginians consideringe their
Companie is but smale, their debt¢ great, and their Supplies and other
charges are and haue bin of late yeare exceedinge burdensome.

2 In reguard the Virginia Tobacco will beare a better price then the
Sumer Ilande Tobacco that therefore tLe matter of charge be not made
equall but proporéonable.

3 That the charge of imposiéons be made certaine vpon the pound, be
the quantitie more or lesse that comes in, that both the Planter and
Aduenturer may knowe the vttermost of his charge.

Aunsweare was made that the last of these point€ were formerly
aunswered: As for the other the case of Virginia was held to be as
hard this yeare as the Suiier Iland¢ could be and therefore the bur-
then must be equall. [192]

M' Alderman Johnson at last offred in writinge these Propositions
followinge. vizt.

PROPOSITIONS

To the Honorable Courte of Sommer Islands for the
better performance of the Contract w™ his Ma
and in behalfe of the sayde Plantation.’

Right Hono?” for avoydinge of troublesome or offensiue speach to this Hono™*
Court, and the multiplicaton of many words and exceptions against the Salaries
as they nowe stand propounded, or against the parties intended for managinge
the sale of our Sufier Ilands Tobacco, it is thought convenient by the Author
himselfe breifely to propound in writinge these reasonable proposiéons, w™ he
desireth may be read and considered and put to the question by this Hono?”
Court.

Whereas ata late Virginia Court there was tendered a Proiect by a former
Comittee appointed and an imperfect Draft of another proiect by m™ Wrote as
touchinge the Salary and disposinge of Virginia and Spanish Tohacco w™ two
beinge compared by the Companie then assembled that of the Comittee was
allowed by erecton of hands & so it stands confirmed.

} The caption of this document is in the handwriting of Nicholas Ferrar.

FEBRUARY 12, 1623 271

But forasmuch as it is conceaued that neither of those Proiect¢ can be in all
pointe fittinge for those of the Sufier Ilands Plantation w™ stands vpon mayne
Different Termes from that in Virginia It is humbly desired that, y° Premises
(so farr as concernes this Plantation) may be better considered and howe to be
carried in the medium of a more equall waye before it be too sodainely con-
cluded in this Court.

That an indifferent Coffiittee may be nominated and appointed by this Court
consistinge of such as are deepest engaged in the Supplyinge their shares and
in the good¢ shortly to be returned thence.

And forasmuch as this worke is of great importance aswell for his Ma™ benifitt
as for the Aduenturers and Planters good if well performed so if otherwise
| to the verie great hurt of both.

The Coffiittees are aduisedly to consider of the Sumer [lands proporéon of
Salary for Agency, and to agree with those Agent€ of such explanagons Coue-
nant¢€ and assurance to be drawne and indented aswell on the Aduenturers as
on the Agent€ part to be performed as shalbe thought necessarie for the bet-
ter accomplishinge of the Contract w™ his Ma” and for securing the Aduen-
turers and Planters in sundrie needfull pointe, and also to consider perticulerly
of the Agent¢ already nominated, and of the excepéons to be taken §made§
against some of them.

And that none of those already appointed for Salary in y° Virginia nor their
Brethren may be of this Comittee nor to haue voice in Court when this is put
to the question they beinge of a second party w™ must conferr with this
Comittee.

ffinally this Comittee shall nominate none of themselues to be Agente or ffactors
for Sallary howsoeuer they may be thought fittinge to be Agent¢ at large with-
out Salary, as beinge such as will haue the greater care of vent and good suc-
cesse in y* wherein themselues haue the greatest share & interest.

ffebr. 22 1622. By me Robt Iohnson Ald [193]

W" beinge read it was by diuers aunsweared that such generallities
did not any waye direct them in the perticularities nowe in question
As for the matters desired to be referred to Cofiittees they were
already vunder a select Comittee, then w™ a more sufficient could not
be chosen and these and many other point€ had nowe err this bin well
setled had it not bin for the interruption that had bin by these late
courses in defaminge and disgracinge the Officers; w were such and

272 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

so many as 8’ Edwin Sandys againe protested, that he would not for
any reward whatsoeuer any longer endure them, wherefore he besought
them to make choise of some other in his place, to the intent that for
the want of that officer the buissines did not stand at a staye.

The Lo: Cauendish moued that seeinge 8’ Edwin Sandys would by
noe meanes any longer hold the place of Director they would nowe
propose some other fitt man for that office. Wherevpon some nomi-
nated 8*' Nath: Rich but he excused himselfe aswell for his owne
insufficiencies as also that he should be often absent out of Towne: In
w reguard he would not vndertake it for 10000" p Anu: but said if
he were fitted for the buissines he should be willinge to doe it Gratis.

Next some proposed 8* Thomas Wroth but he said he was not fitt
for it.

Some also nominated m* Edward Iohnson but he excused himselfe as
no waye able for such a place.

S' Natha: Rich desired to be satisfied howe the Planter shalbe dealt
wall about his Tobacco in case he stand¢ in need of present money:
Touchinge w™ he said he would nowe make a Proposition to this
Court vizt That he would vndertake together with his frend¢ within
a short time to procure a Stocke of 14: or 15000" to take of the whole
quantitie of Tobacco that should come home w™ would be benificiall
both to the Kinge and the Planter.

In the end after a verie longe debate and dispute the Court seeminge
ill satisfied that so many diversions were made and that against the
Salaries w™ were nowe in question, there were brought not better
Argument, earnestly called vpon his lp: to put the matter to the
question.

Wherevpon his Ip: put it to the question whither they would estab-
lish all thing¢ accordingly as they were formerly ordered as well con-
cerninge the Offices as Sallaries, w™ beinge put to the question it was
by a generall erecéon of hand¢ noe one dissentinge ordered and agreed
that the Offices and Salaries should stand accordingly as they were
formerly sett downe. [194]

FEBRUARY 19, 1623 273

It beinge also put to the question whither they would accept of S'
Edwin Sandys resignaéon of the Office of Director or not: It was by
a generall erecéon of hande denied and on the Contrary he was gen-
erally verie earnestly entreated not to thinke of leavinge the place
vpon any discouragement whatsoeuer: they professinge that without
his assistance they should much doubt of the well managinge of so
difficult a buissines.

The Virginia Court bemge ended the Lord Cauendish tooke againe
the Chaire, and propoundinge the matter of the Proclamation w™ the
Lo: Treasuror desired to be forborne for some Moneths it was passed
by erecéon of handé in the Selfe same Termes together with the whole
body |lof the|] Contract as the Virginia Companie had passed it.

As for the matter of Sallaries and Conveyance of lande€ it being
almost eleauen of the Clocke it was moued that this Court might referr
those point€ to be disputed and debated of on Monday next with full
authority to conclude them: W“ being put to the question it was
generally agreed and ordered that these two buissinesses should that
day be first handled and ordered before any other.

At a CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ||AND THE
S® Inanpe|| ON WEDENSDAY THE 19™ oF ffEBRUARY 1622

Right Hono” Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: S*‘ Iohn.
Lo Cauendish.
Lo: Padgett.

8’ Io: Ogle. m1’ Binge. m‘ Ro: Smith.

S’ Io Scudamore. m’‘ Paulavicine. in’ Bolton.

|S? Edwin Sandys.|| m* Tho: Shippard. m* Hardinge.

S’ Ro Killigrue. m’ Caswell. m* Webbe.
16456—vou 2—06——-18

274 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

S' Io: Brooke.
m’ ffreake.

m’ Garrett.
m' Palmer.
m’ Wilmer.

m’ Nich? fferrar Dpt.

m’ Brooke.
m’ Gibbs.

m' Io: Wolstenholme.

m’ Bromefeild.
m’ Risely.

m’ Io ffarrar.
m’ Tomlins.
m* Baynham.
m’ Seeward.
m’* Woodall.
m’ Hakett.

m’ Winne.

m’ Tho: Iohnson.

m‘ Norwood.

m’ Ley.

\|m* Meuerall.||
Capt: Bargraue.
m’ Rossingham.

m’ Owen Arthur.

m’* Norwood.
m1’ Newport.

m’ Berblocke.
m' Rogers.

m’ Barbo’.

m’* Meuerell.
m’ Nicholle.

m’* Whitly.

m* Mellinge.
m* Gough.

m’ D’Lawne.
m’ Wiseman.
m' Withers.

m’ ffursman.
m’ Tatam.

m'* Edwarde.
m’ ffoxten.

m’* Eldred.

m’ Hobbs.

m’ Taylo’.

m* Cartwright.
m’ Barker.

m’ Silas Taylo’.
m* Merger || Moorer.||
m’ Iohn Smith.

m1’ Cuffe.

m’ Hart.

m* Balmford.

He Byeratre

m’‘ Buckeridge.

m’ Bull.

m’* Waterhowse.

m’ Swayne.

m’* Hackett.

m’ Truloue.

m’* Elkington.

m’* Swinhow.

m’ Southerton.

pr) Metehe

m’ Roberte ||w™|| [195]

m* Hurd.

m’* Waterhowse.

m’ Tho Waterhowse.

m* Widdowes.

mm’ Gifford.

m’* Leuer.

m’ Harrison.

tH ede

m’ Kirby ||w™ diuers
others. ||

The Quarter Court held the 5° of this present Moneth was read, w™
beinge donn the Ea: of Southampton desired that if any man could
take any exception at the entringe of the said Court he would doe it
but no man takinge any exception thereat, his lp: after a good pause
and diliberaéon beinge desired by diuers put it to the question whither
they conceaued that Court to be rightly sett downe accordinge to the
true effect and meaninge of what then passed, It was by a generall
erecéon of hand¢ approued to be rightly sett downe no one dissentinge.

FEBRUARY 19, 1683 aaialh 275

M' Caswell said the menéoninge' of passinge certaine shares in the
end of the Court nowe read did bringe to his remembrance a thinge
w™ diuers good members of the Companiehad with much solicitous-
nes & care and oftentimes thought and treated of, that is concerninge
the manner of admittinge men to the freedome of this Companie w™
seemed to them to be donn with more speed and lesse care and con-
sideraGon then were requisite in a buissines of so high importance as
the PlantaGons are w™ as it is well know[n]e haue many and sore
enimies diuers of w™ (phaps to the intent they may do the more
harme) seeke to obtaine the freedome of the Companie; and that as
admissions nowe passe (vizt) vpon the first proposinge could not be
avoyded nor hindred.

Wherefore for the preventinge of so great inconveniences as the com-
inge in of such psons would breed to the Companie, his moéon was
that it should be ordered and made a lawe that no enimy or open
hinderer of the Plantations or vnworthie should be admitted into this
Society, and for the better keepinge of them out he propounded that
it might be ordered that if exceptions should be taken against any
pson that should be propounded, either as an enimy or euill willer to
the PlantaGons or otherwise not worthie of this Society that the
admission of such psons should not be imediately graunted at the
same Court but respited to the pleasure of the Quarter Court next
followinge. [196]

The Ea: of Southampton said he had not heretofore heard of the
Proposition of m‘ Caswell but vpon the first veiwe it seemed to him
verie good and reasonable that there should be good care and order
held in the admission of men to the Company of Virginia and the
Sumer Ilandé, diuers others likewise of the Companie comended m‘
Caswell€ moéon, and that the rather because that whereas in all other
Companies men take an oath to be true and faithfull to the Companie
in these Companies there is no such thinge: Wherefore it were fitt
that since that time ||tye and|| obligaton is here wantinge, that there
should be so much the more care and consideraéon had in admittinge
of men.
‘The letters ‘‘inge’’ written over the letters ‘‘ed.””

276 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

But against this it was obiected that it was contrarie to the lawes of
the Companie, w™ said that admission shall not be denied where it is
due: And it was further alledged that the Land in Virginia beinge
held in free Soccage it could not by the lawes of the Realme be for-
bidden, but a man might sell and put ouer his land to whome he
pleased, and therefore the Companie could not deny to admitt any
man.

To the first it was answeared that the lawes of the Virginia Com-
panie, did not speake one waye or other concerninge that matter, but
that that clause was in the Sumer Iland¢ Lawes w™ yet could not be
so farr strained as that therefore any enimy or vnworthie pson should
be admitted..

ffor the word¢ are ||where it is|| apparantly due But certainely it is
iustly questionable whither an enimy or vnworthie person should be
admitted But for the second obiecéon the Ea: of Southampton said
that he did not vnderstand ||the Proposition|| to be ment concerninge
the passinge of Right and possession of land¢ but onely concerninge
the giuinge of vote and settinge in Court€ w“ a man might be debarred
of, although he had not onely right but possession of land@€ in either
of the Companies as was euident by the example of m*’ Wrote who
although he was vtterly disabled from cominge to the Court¢€ yet his
landé€ and ffreehold¢ in both the Plantations were not taken from
him: Wherefore although the Companie might not deny or debarr
any man from sellinge his land to whome he pleased, yet they might
refuse to accept of an vnworthie pson as to haue voice amongst them:
And this m’ Christofer Brooke said was #e¢ ||not|| onely ||not|| con-
trary but agreeable to the Lawes, for in diuers cases of right there
was sued out notwithstandinge a writt of Ad quod Damnum before
the thinge desired could be effected, And this respite of Admittance
desired, was in effect no other then as a writt Ad quod Damnum
w" beinge returned and cleared the Admittance would of it selfe
ensue. [197]

S* Edwin Sandys also alledged the daylie practise of the Companie
who refuse to admitt of any passage of land¢ from him that is indebted

FEBRUARY 19, 16828 = ' ©“ 277

to the Companie w™ is to be vnderstood from hauinge voice in Court¢
onely for it is not questionable, but that though a man be indebted to
the Companie, he may passe his land¢ to any other, and that he that
shall buy it shall haue as good right and title as the first had, but yet
by the lawes of the Companie he cannot haue voice in the Courte
vntill the debt be satisfied to the Companie, wherefore if in this case
the Companie deny admission much more may they do it vpon such
other waightie exceptions as were propounded.

But it was further obiected that if vpon exception taken against a
pson propounded the Admission should be delayed and the matter
referred to the Quarter Court, it would be in the power of any mali-
cious man to affront and disgrace whome he pleased, and either he
must sett downe with the repulse or el€ put himselfe vpon a Tryall
and censure of a multitude, whereby although he should in the end
be iustified, yet he might incurr much disreputaéon and in the meane
while haue his good name tossed vp and downe in mens mouthes:
Wherefore they were of opinion that that course would be full of
Scandall: as for clearinge the Companie of vnworthie Members; it
was in the Companies power vpon iust reasons to expell them and
cast them out.

But the Ea: of Southampton aunsweared that it was both easier and
safer to prevent the admittinge them, then beinge admitted to cast
them out, and for the former part of the exception that they should
gaine much more credditt by beinge so hono” cleared then they could
suffer disreputatéon by beinge maliciously excepted against, and that
consideringe the great shame and infamy that he that should mali-
ciously call anothers worke in question should vndergoe men would
be wary howe they hazarded their owne fame and good reputaéon in
callinge others in question, wherefore this danger would hardly light
vpon any that deserued it not.

In the end after much dispute it was resolued that there should be a
Comittee appointed to consider against the next Quarter Court of some
fittinge lawe to be made concerninge the admittinge men in an orderly
and warie manner and perticulerly ||for|| the preuentinge of admit-

278 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

tinge of vnworthie Members ||psons|| w" Comittee accordinge to the
forme prescribed in the lawes are to bringe their labo’ to the Counsell,
and the Counsell to the Preparatiue Court, and so to the Quarter
Court: This beinge put to the question was by a generall erecéon of
hand€ noe one dissentinge ordered: And for Comittees to prepare the
buissines [198] was named

S' Robt Killigrue. _ | m’ Christo: Brooke.
8S’ Edwin Sandys. m’ Wither.

S* Iohn Dauers. . mm" Berblocke.
Collo: ‘Ogle. m’‘ Caswell or any 4:

who were desired to meete as soone as conveniently they could treate
thereabout, In the meane while till the matter might by a lawe be
fully and pfectly established, it beinge put to the question was by
erecéon of hand¢ ordered, that no admission should be graunted at the
same Court where it was propounded but referred to the next Quarter
Court after; when when if no exception at all were taken or but such
as should be friuoulous the admission should be confirmed but if any
iust or weightie exception were taken against the pson propounded,
then the Admission should be deferred vntill the Quarter Court next
followinge.

Vpon the naminge of the former Comittee some nominated a gentle-
man who had spoken against the mayne Proposition that was comit-
ted: Wherevpon the Lord Cauendish said that he hauinge spoken
against the matter it selfe, might not be of the Comittee accordinge
to the order in Parliament, where none that speake against the body
of a Bill may be of that Govt ||\Comittee|| to w™ the consideragon
thereof is referred, in reguard that he that is wholly against a thinge
thet would destroye it, and therefore could not be adiudged a fitt
instrument for the rectifyinge of it: This course the Court held verie
fitt to be kept hence forward, and beinge informed by S* Edwin
Sandys and m‘ Deputy that the handlinge of thinge by Comittees was
not so well and orderly regulated as were fitt: The Court by erecéon
of hand¢€ ordered that the former Comittee should likewise take that

1 Blank space in the manuscript.

FEBRUARY 19, 1623 ai: 279

pointe into their consideraéons, and thinke of some fittinge orders for
nominatinge and meetinge of Committees and for direcéons howe they
should proceed in buissinesses referred vnto them, and in this pointe
the Coffiittee were desired, likewise to bringe their resoluéons to the
Councell C’ that a lawe might be made thereof.

S' Iohn Dauers propounded that whereas S* Iohn Treuor the ffather
desires to passe two of his Shares of land to S* Iohn Treuor his Sonn,
he not beinge indebted notice might be nowe taken thereof that his
admission might be graunted at the next Court if no excepéon were
taken.

M’ Mellinge likewise propounded the passinge of two Shares to m'
Boothby and that his admission might be also graunted at the next
Court, if no exception were taken.

M’ Gideon de Lawne propounded also the passinge of two Shares vnto
his Sonn, and desired his admittance at the next Court. [199]

M’‘ Binge and m* Woodall moued that they might haue a Coppie of
that Petition w™ without a name was exhibited and read in y® Quarter
Court against them: It was answeared that since the Court did then
refuse to enter farther into the examinaéon of the matter obiected
against them, because their was no name to the Petiéon that there-
fore they need not trouble themselues to make further answeare
therevnto, but they pressinge much to haue a Coppie giuen them of
it, w™ the Secretary acknowledged to be in his handé it was moued,
hm the Court seemed of different opinions, that+the-deeidinge
thereof; that the iicionge thereof should be deferred till the publique
buissinesses (w™ were exceedinge waightie and important) should be
handled, it beinge directly ordered by the lawe, that publiq, buissi-
nesses should haue precedency before all priuate.

Molaseco the Polander likewise earnestly besought that his petiéon
might be read alledginge that he had attended aboue a Quarter of a
yeare, and the Ea: of Southampton said that if his case were as he
were informed he had suffered much wronge.

280 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M* Deputy said that he was not altogether ignorant of the matter but
knewe that there was so fowle oppression that had bin vsed to the
poore man, and likewise vpon diuers others in the like cases as he was
afraide, both the Companies and Plantations did to the waight of their
owne sins suffer God€ punishment for these former offences: Where-
fore he thought it most necessarie to endeauo’ the rightinge of him,
but that was to be donn accordinge to the forme prescribed by the
Quarter Court: In this Court it could not be donne his case beinge
verie longe and somewhat intricate: Wherevpon the Ea: of South-
ampton willed m* Deputy with all convenient speed that might be to
call the Comittee to whome that matter was referred that so the Court
might doe him iustice: W® m™ Deputy promised.

These thingé beinge thus donne the Ea: of Southampton said that the
Directo’ and Cofiittees had yesterday mett and treated about diuers
point concerninge the managinge and orderinge of the buissines him-
selfe, the Lo: Cauendish and some other of the extraordinary Comittee
beinge present w™ them from two of the Clocke till almost Hight at
night: And although the time was but short yet they had so well
digested and contriued matters as himselfe and others rested much
contented in the good forme that was propounded by the Director and
the Committees, for the safe orderly and faire cariage of those seuerall
perticulers w* seemed most to affect them that had opposed the car-
riage of the buissines in that forme, and by those men w™ the Com-
panies had concluded and chosen, wherevpon he willed m* Deputy to
make report from pointe to point of what was by the Directo’ and
Coffittees propounded. [200]

But before m’ ||Deputy|| begun the Lo: Cauendish tooke the Chaire
and acquaintinge the Sufer Iland¢ Companie that he had purposely
caused a Suffer Iland¢ Court to be this day warned to the intent that
they might likewise vnderstand and consider of those waightie point¢
that did equally concerne them with y°® Virginia Companie wherefore
he desired them likewise with all serious care to obserue and consider
of the thinge that should be propounded and reported that they might
afterward either confirme or amend them.

’

FEBRUARY 19, 16823 -° 3) -° 281

Wherevpon m’ Deputy desired of both the Companies dilligent and
carefull attenéon because the point€ were waightie and full of diffi-
culties and further besought them freely to make what Obieccons they
could in euery perticuler for soe either they should be satisfied or the
thinge amended.

ffirst therefore he said, that the Coffiittees consideraéon did beginn at
those pticulers, where the Contract ended, w™ howe farr it went the;
the 6: Article expressed vizt That not onely the sole Importaéon but
the sole sale was to be managed by y® Companies that is (as there is
explayned) by such Officers as the Companies should choose and
depute: This he said he did thinke necessarie to promise for the
answearinge of those doubt¢ and exceptions w™ he had heard by many
both publiquely and priuately made (vizt) that they should be debarred
of the possessions of their owne goodé¢, that they must trust the sale
of them to others C* ffor this condiéon did arise imediately and was
inherent in the very Contract it selfe, so that whosoeuer would enioy
the liberty or benifitt of bringinge in Tobacco hither must without
dispute resolue to submitt himselfe therevnto, and therefore he desired
that noe man would call those thing¢ in question but for the safe and
secure custodie both of the good¢ themselues and also of the money
after they should come into the Officers handé and for the faire iust
and equall orderinge and disposinge and sellinge of the Comodity and
that to the best proffitt and aduantage both of the Companies and his
Ma™ the Director and Cofiittees had propounded these courses fol-
lowinge to be held, w™ he would in the selfe same order relate as they
were by them considered of.

ffirst therefore to beginn with the arriuall of the goodé here they con-
ceaued fitt that some Officers men of trust and that should take an
oath should imediately be sent abourd the Shipps to take care that no
Tobacco should be stolne out of the Shipps but all might be duely
brought into y* Companies handé.

Secondly that the Maisters of Shipps and such others as should be
thought requisite should vpon their oathes be examined and charged
to deliver a true and faithfull Invoice of all the Tobacco brought home
in their Shipps. [201]

282 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Thirdly that besid€ the Husband there should be at the least two of
the Cofiittees appointed for the takinge vp of the goodé out of the
Shipps into the Custome howse who should with the Husband take
exact notice of the waight of euery mans goodé¢ and howe it was agree-
able to the invoices, and howe it was condiéoned to the intent that if
by the Marriners or others there had bin any fraude and imbeasel-
linge in the quantitie or by their neglect or default the good€ were
spoiled, there might be restituéon made respectiuely vnto the Owners.

ffourthly for the discharginge of the Custome ffreight C* the Director
Treasuror and Cofiittees should take order, without troublinge the
priuate Aduenturers; to laye downe the moneys w™ should be due,
w" was conceaued would be generally a great benifitt and ease vnto
the Aduenturers and Planters, and they might safely vndertake it, in
reguard they had the whole goods in @ pawne to make themselues
full satisfacéon.

ffiftly after the good€ were cleared from the Custome howse, the
Committees together with the husband should take care, for the Safe
conveyance and suer keepinge of the Tobacco in the Warehowses and
Storehowses belonginge to the Companie, for the accomplishment
whereof these courses were propounded.

ffirst that it should be the care and charge of the Husbaund assisted
with two of the Comittees at least to receaue in the good¢, and to
keepe a Booke plainely expressinge the quantitie waight and marke
of each mans parcell of Tobacco and in what Warehowse it is put:
W™ beinge donn, the said Book¢ of the Husband should be presented
to the Director, and the rest of the Officers who should take order
that the Bookeeper should out of the said Booke frame an orderly and
plaine Account, wherein should be expressed what quantity of Tobacco
belonge to every man and where it lyes.

And to the intent that men may rest secure that their good¢ should
not be purloyned nor imbeaselled by any meanes, it was conceaued
fitt, that for euery roome or Warehowse there should be three seuerall
lock€ and keyes whereof the Director or Deputy should haue one, the

FEBRUARY 19, 16428 ©  .. 283

Husband another, and the Third should be entrusted to some of the
Comittees So that it should not be in the power of the Husband to
goe |lin|| but with the knowledge and consent of the Director Deputy
and Comittees: And when he did goe it should not be but in the pres-
ence and Companie of two of the Cofittees at least, and that neither
Curinge Sortinge Shewinge nor Sellinge should be at any time by
fewer then two of the Comittees at least together with the Husband:
And although this course would cost the Coffittees both much time
and labo’ yet it was thought requisite to be donn for the full securinge
of mens mindé, for in reguard ¢kat the Coffioditie doth of it{s] owne
nature much wast and diminish by longe lyinge if the meanes of
imbeazellinge were not in some extraordinary manner preuented and
debarred suspitious mindé or euill affected would take occasion (as
sometimes heretofore hath bin seen) to impute the losse w™ came by
dryinge to the falshood of them vnder whose custody it was. [202]

But this course as it would take away all meanes of doeinge wronge,
so it would take away all scruples and feares out of mens mindé.

This pointe ||being|| related thus by m’ Deputy diuers of the Com-
panie spake in approbaéon of the course prescribed, but no man mak-
inge any obiecéon against it, onely diuers required that if it were
possible the Warehowses and Storehowses might be all in the Com-
panies howse or at least as neare as possible could be, and m* Roberts
desired that the Virginia and Sumer Iland¢e Tobacco should be kept
in seuerall roomes; To w™ Answeare was made, it was so vnderstood
because there were seuerall Account¢ to be kept of them. And that
not onely the Tobaccoes of the two Plantaéons were to be kept
assunder but the seuerall sorts of either Plantaéon were likewise to
be kept in seuerall Roomes: It was also defiaunded by some howe
the Husband should doe when occasion should require that the
Tobacco should be shewed in seuerall warehowses, to w™ it was
aunsweared that he should haue vnder him an inferio‘ Warehowse
Keeper, and if there were occasion to be in many Warehowses at once
he might depute others in his place who should be paide for their
paines, but without two Committees no man should teke ||medle|| any
goode.

284 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

In the end the Court desired’ his Ip: put it to the question whither
this course propounded by the Comiittees did satisfie the Companie in
the point of safe keepinge their good¢€, and whither they would rest
satisfied with this Security and so order, that this Course propounded
should be held, It was by a generall erecéon of hand¢ agreed (onely
one dissentinge) that that course was good and safe, and should there-
fore accordingly ||be|| held and obserued.

It beinge past fiue of the Clocke the Ka: oe Reptbion nape | bee
continuance of the Court, se eB

Beet Se tspicteterk wv! - erecéon of ee was mm

The Lo: Cauendish also takinge the Chaire propounded the continu-
ance of the Suffer [land¢e Court so longe after 6: of the Clocke as
there should be occasion.

The good¢ beinge thus agreed to be sufficiently safe, the next pointe
m’ Deputy said that came into consideraéon was the Securinge of the
moneyes that should come into the Treasurors hand¢ that the Com-
panie might thereby rest satisfied, that they should not suffer damage
neither by losse of the moneyes itselfe nor |{of|| the Treasurors
imployinge it to other vses. [203]

And first they considered of that course w™ was intimated by some
both publiquely and priuately (vizt) the takinge of great Bonde and
Suerties for the Treasurors makinge good whatsoeuer moneyes should
come to his hand¢. But consideringe that the Stocke was twoe great
for almost any man to finde Suerties able to aunsweare such a Sofie
and that in farr greater Stocke of other Companies that was not
required; they did not conceaue it fitt to defiaund that kinde of
Security of the Treasuror, espeacially consideringe the smale fee that
so great paines and charge he was to vndertake: for although there
was 400" allotted vnto the present officer vnder the name of Treas-
uror, yet it was not onely for the Seruice he should performe in that
office, but in reguard of the place of Deputy w™ he was also to exe-
cute, w™ if it had bin alone would in their iudgemente haue deserued
300" Wherefore they did not thinke it reasonable to defiaund such

1 Written over “‘desiringe it.”

FEBRUARY 19, 16823 °°. 285

condiéons as phapps were impossible certainely very difficult to be
pformed; and so much the rather because the Kinge hauinge interest
in the buissines men would be wonderfully Shye of any waye entringe
into Bond in such cases.

Wherefore they thought it better beth for the present and for here-
after to turne their thoughté to the setlinge of such a course and forme
as might preuent that §no§ dafiage could happen, rather then howe
it should be repaired after the losse came, }¥ ||w"|| the waye of Bonds
and Suertishipps only implyed, and did not alwaies proue soe effec-
tuall as it seemed to carrie shewe, by reason that many casualties
might happen and many courses might be taken whereby the Security
would be frustrated: Wherefore after mature deliberaéon they fell
vpon this course followinge.

ffirst that there should be a safe and stronge rome chosen in the Com-
panies howse for the Keepinge of the moneyes that shalbe receaued
and stronge Iron Chest€ prouided to put the money in: and that both
the Chest¢ and rome should be vnder three lock¢€ and keys, whereof
one should be in the Keepinge of the Treasuror of the Virginia Com-
panie, one other in the keepinge of the Gouernor of the Sumer [lande
Company and the Third the Treasuror for this Contract should haue,
So that the Treasuror should not goe into the Treasury w“out the
knowledge and consent of the two aforesaid Gouernors nor otherwise
then with them or at least some psons of worth and sufficiency deputed
by them: ffor in reguard that it cannot be that such noble personages
should haue leasure so often as need might require to be personally
present, it was therefore thought fitt that the Treasuro’ of Virginia
might leaue his key with some one of the Counsell and the Gouernor
of the Sufier Iland€ with some of the Assistant¢, [204] So that by
this meanes it was conceaued that the money after it was brought
into the Treasury would be safer and better secured then by any Bonde
or Suertishipps whatsoeuer.

As for the bringinge of money in and that the Treasuror should not
be at any |lonel] time possessed of any great Soffie, it was thought fitt
that once euery weeke the Director. or Comittees or some of them
together with the aforesaid Gouernors or their Substitut€ should take

286 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COPMANY

Account of the Treasuror what moneys had bin that weeke receaued
and should cause the same to be imediately carried into the Treas-
ury vnder the Custodie afore prescribed.

And in case the payment€ should come in, in great abundance; the
same course might be held twice or oftner in the same weeke So that
by this meanes the Treasuror should neuer be possessed at any |lonel|
time of any greater Sofie then himselfe should be adiudged sufficient
wittresse Security for.

And further to the intent that the Treasuror should not be able by
any art or cufinge to detayne to his owne priuate vse any moneyes
that he should receaue, it was thought fitt that beside his Cash booke
(w*" vpon demaund he should alwayes bringe out to the aforesaid Offi-
cers) there should be kept a booke in a plaine and orderly manner,
expressinge what good are sold for ready money and what vpon time
to whome and when it falls §out§ due; W booke shall lye open to the
veiwe and pervsall not onely of the Officers, but of any Brother of the
Companie, by w™ meanes it is conceaued that not onely all fraude in
the Treasuror wilbe prevented; But also many other good effecte will
followe for thereby the Comittees (to whome the sale of the good¢ is
referred) shalbe sure to haue good informaéon by the recourse of them
that wilbe desirous to see this booke of the habilities and sufficiencie
of those with whome they deale.

This pointe beinge thus reported by m* Deputy there was a generall
approbaéon of the course many comendinge it but not any one obiect-
inge against it: Wherevpon his lp: was desired to put it to the ques-
tion w™ his lp: did in this manner.

Whither they did iudge their weyes moneyes would be sufficiently
secured by this course without further security of Bond or Suertiship
from the Treasuror, and whither they would agree and order that this
course should be held in this point it was by a generall erecéon of
handé (not one dissentinge) iudged that by this meanes the moneyes
would be sufficiently secured, and it was ordered that this course
should be held concerninge the Treasury. [205]

FEBRUARY 19,1628 287

These thing¢ thus established concerninge the safe custody of good¢
and money m‘ Deputy said thus, the next consideraéon of the Directo’
and Comittees was concerninge the disposinge and sellinge of the
good¢ w™ that it might be donn in a iust and equall manner both for
the Kinge and the Owners, since not onely the Tobacco of seuerall
men would be of different goodnes and worth, euen the selfe same
peell would phapps containe Tobacco of two or three ||verie|| different
sort€ for price and worth it was therefore before all other thinge |
absolutely necessarie to haue euery mans parcell veiwed and iudged
of what condi@on and goodnes it were and if it were not all alike that
the different sort€ should be distinguished and seuered and this differ-
ence they conceaued might be reduced to three kind€ best, middle,
and worst by w™ course euery man should haue the true proceed of
his owne goodé, and the full and iust price accordinge to the condiéon
and worth of his Tobacco without either receauinge or doeinge wronge
by hauinge his Tobacco mingled w™ others beinge of the same goodnes
and worth as his is.

As for the true and faithfull distinguishinge of these seuerall sorte, it
was conceaued it should be donne by men skillfull in the nature of
Tobacco who should be chosen by the Companie in their Courte and
haue an oath administred vnto them to do it without any manner of
partiality either of fauo’* or hatred, and that they should thus sort the
Tobacco in the presence of the Husband and at least twoof the Com-
ittees who should keepe an exact Account howe euery mans peell is
by these Sorters iudged and esteemed, and takinge care that it beinge
once distinguished, it may not againe be confounded shall carrie vp
to the Bookeep the Account of each mans pcell, who shew ||shall]|
accordingly enter downe in his booke howe much of each sorte belonge
to euery man w™ he shall shewe and giue a note of to any owner that
desires it.

This beinge thus reported by m* Deputy some ||made|| moéon that
when the sortinge was to be performed, there should be in the howse
where the Court€ are kept a bill sett vp declaringe from daye to day
whose Tobacco should be sorted to the intent that the owners might

288 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

themselues be present to see right donn them, But this was generally
adiudged inconvenient as a thinge that would not hinder, but cause
the doeinge of much wrongeand breed much contention if the owners
might be by. for euery man would striue and pswade that his goode
might be made of the best sort: But on the Contrary the Court gen-
erally thought fitt that the Husband and Comittees should haue it
giuen them in charg that not only any owner should not be present
when his good¢ were to [206] be sorted but that they should further
endeauo’ as much as they possibly could to conceale from the Sorters
all such mark€ and tokens whereby they might any way guesse to
whome the Tobacco w™ they sorted belonged, for so certainely not
knowinge whose goode they were, they would deale indifferently and
faithfully accordinge to their iundgment¢ and Skill.

It was by some also moued that the Sorters might not be Buyers,
because it was said, they might therby sett out good Peityworthes for
themselues to the preiudice of the Stocke, but vpon debate it was not
conceaued that any such inconvenience could followe if good care
were vsed; But on the other side it would be an ill leadinge example
to debarr any man from beinge a Buyer that would bidd a good price
and make good payment.

M’ Roberts moued that there might be Three sorters to euery peell to
the intent that if two were of different indgement the matter might
be ended by the Third: This moéon was well liked, both for the reason
he alledged, and also because it was thought harder to corrupt three
then a lesse number wherefore although it would breed more charge,
yet it was thought good to followe that order.

In the end there beinge no more obiecéon made, and the Court gen-
erally likinge well of this course, my Lo: at the request of the Court
put it to the question, whither they did approue of this course w™
m’ Deputy had reported w™ m* Roberts Addition; It was by a gen-
erall erecéon of hand¢€ assented vnto and ordered that that course
should be held for the sortinge of Tobacco.

This donn m’ Deputy said that after these preparatons they were nowe
come to the Disposinge and Sellinge of the Tobacco; In w™ pointe

FEBRUARY 19, 1623 _" 289

the proffitt of the Aduenturers did maynely consist, w™ they founde
to be an Acéon contayninge many part€ and branches all requiringe
exact care and consideraéon, but diuers of them could not be well
iudged of nor resolued on vntill the thinge it selfe came to execuéon
when accordingly deliberaton was to be taken: Wherefore the
Director and Comiittees had nowe onely proposed certaine generall
head¢ tendinge to tke equality ef ||and|| iustice and to the mayntayn-
inge of the Comodity at a good price. [207]

ffirst therefore they conceaued that after menns ||mens|| Tobacco
should be so sorted as before was agreed on, and the Bookeeper
entred euery mans parcell aright vizt what quantitie of each sort
was due vnto him that then mens pticuler pcell€ should not be
any longer kept assunder but mingled and put together respectiuely
one with another, that is the best with the best, the worst with the
worst, and so the middle sorte with that of the same kinde: Which
beinge donn the sale should be made out of the lumpe, and so euery
man should from time to time as moneyes came in receaue their diui-
dent proporéonably accordinge to their seuerall part¢ of that w™ was
sold and this they held to be the onely equall and faire course whereby
euery man should alike perticipate of proffitt and losse: As for the
sellinge of mens peell€ seuerall it was a course so full of iust and
obuious exceptions as need not be repeated.

This m* Deputy said was the first and most generall waye w™ was
propounded and if it were by all men followed would certainely best
keepe vp and improue the Cofiodity when it could be fetched, but at
one head. }

But he said that in reguard diners members of this Companie had
declared themselues not onely willinge but desirous to take out their
owne Stocke and parte pretendinge that what price soeuer the Com-
panie shall sett, they yet shall be able for to sell at a higher rate, in
reguard the Companie sellinge in grosse, must alwayes leaue a suffi-
cient gaine whereby the Retaylo* may liue: ffor the contentment
therefore and satisfacéon of such men, they conceaued it fitt to giue

16456—voL 2—06——19

290 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

liberty vnto them (defrayinge all charges and leauinge for euery
Third pound of Tobacco ready money for his Ma“ vse) they might
take out their Stocke: And way beinge thus giuen, he said that the
doubt and feare, that some men had made of suffringe wronge by
the Sorters, either corruption or negligence in not rightly iudginge
and esteeminge of their Tobacco, was resolued and taken away, for
if the Sorters should, estimate any mans pcell to be of a worse sort
then indeed it was and that his that was of the best sort should be
made of the second, and the second the worst, the owner might by
their erro’ make great aduantage to himselfe whilest he should haue
the Kings Third at a cheaper rate then indeed it was worth, So that
pmittinge this libertie the Sorters could not preiudice any man by
vndervaluing his Comodity, if they ouervalued it, it was to the losse
of the generall lyvinge and Bulke, but greatly to the aduantage of the
perticuler owner, who should thereby receaue a better price then indeed
truely his good were worth: These m’ Deputy said were the [208]
two Generall head@ w™ the Comittees had propounded many pticu-
larities fallinge vnder them they had likewise considered of, But
because they were grounded vpon some obiec@ons & exceptions that
might be taken against these courses, he therefore not doubtinge, but
that the same scruples and argument€ would be nowe made in Court,
would reserue them to their propper places by w™ meanes they would
be best vnderstood: And herevpon the Ea: of Southampton and the
Lord Cauendish desired the Companies that they would freely ques-
tion demaund and obiect that by explayninge thing¢€ might be fully
vnderstood and by debatinge and disputinge the best course might be
found and accordingly followed.

Herevpon some said, that if the Tobacco shall at first be high rated,
and accordingly men leaue the Kings part, if they could not sell it
after the same rate or if the Companie should after lett fall the price
they that tooke it out, should be much damnified.

To w™ answeare was made, that this liberty was giuen onely vpon that
ground that men by takinge out should make more and not lesse:
Wherefore if a man would take out his Tobacco at a certaine price

FEBRUARY 19, 1623 - 291

without beinge sure to make more if he afterward sold it for lesse it
was his owne fault, and therefore must endure the punishment, w™
they that doubt may do well to leaue it in Stocke with the rest whereby
they might be sure not to loose.

It was further obiected, that this lycense beinge giuen, many men
would take out, and vpon desire to make present money sell the
Comiodity at a farr lesse rate then they tooke it out, whereby they
would bringe downe the price of all that remained in Stocke or at
least cause that none of it should be sold till all theires were vented,
and the example of the East Indy Companie was put, where men take
out peper and other Cofiodities at a high rate and presently to haue
ready money sell them much vnder.

M’ Deputy made answeare that these obiectons had bin made in the
Comittee, and likewise further w™ he thought first was to be resolued,
that it might seeme against the Contract whereby it is agreed with
his Ma“ that there should be a sole sale of the Tobacco, w™ seemes
not to agree with the diuidinge and partinge it into so many hand¢ as
this course would cause: But for that he said it was vnderstood that
the sole sale was onely so farr intended as to bringe the Comiodity to
a reasonable high price, w™ was conceaued to be sufficiently donne by
taking a good price for euery Third pound, whereby men were tyed
not [209] to sell vnder, except they would doe it to their losse w™ is
not to be supposed in men that liue by tradinge, and the aduantage of
gaine between the buyinge and sellinge As for the Instance of the East
Indy Companie it was verie different from this, first men did not
indeed sell so much vnderfoote, as it seemed for the prices w™ they
tooke the Cofiodities out at was not the price of ready money but the
price of a verie longe time, whereby although they sold a great deale
vnder that; yet they made neare vpon as good reckoninge as if they
ridd out the time besid¢€ he said, that men there tooke out their Stocke
without any further charge, but here was a great deale of ready money
to be laid ext downe whereby men would be wary what they did and
would not ouer fondly pull losse vpon themselues with the disbursinge
of so much money as might be otherwise well imployed certainely the

292 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

able Aduenturer and the rich Planter would ||not|| doe it, but would
rather haue patience to expect a good Account with others, then with
so many Inconveniences +e indamage himselfe

As for the thriftles |land|| royetous pson he would be hardly able to
finde out so much money howsoever there would not be so many of
these as should,’ much hurt the Stocke for their disorder could not be
generall, but onely reach to some pticuler places and that for a verie
short while.

ffurther m* Hackett said that he did not see that any preuenéon could
be made against such spend thrift€ and bankruptly minded men for
so they must in the end proue that would take out at verie high rate
and sell at verie lowe to gett ready money: ffor if their Stock€ might
not be delivered them as their owne; yet they could not be debarred from
buyinge whereby the same inconveniences would followe:

In the end after much dispute about this point the argumente |lon||
both sid¢€ beinge found to be verie waightie, the further consideraéon
of them was referred vntill the next Court.

ffor the releife of the Planters vpon w™ ground so many had vnder-
taken to turne all topsie turuy m‘ Deputie said that the Directo’ and
Comittees hauinge seriously considered of the matter did not finde
that there was like to be either that great number of them as if neces-
sity should foree them to sell vnder foote ||there should followe any
great [endamagemen*] vnto the Stocke|| for he said that the greatest
part of the Planters that vse to send home good¢ were very able men,
and for those poore Planters that do come home it had bin obserued
that the most of them goeinge vp and downe with their Tobacco
amongst their frend€, did by one meanes or other sell it at farr greater
rat€ then the Companie were likely to sell theirs. [210]

As for the rest of the poore Planters whose either ill husbandry
necessity or want of iudgement might cause them to sell much vnder
the worth, the number would be but fewe and the quantity of their

1 Written over ‘‘would”’ by Collingwood.

FEBRUARY 28, 1623 he 293

goode¢ but smale, so that the mayne Stocke would not thereby be much
preiudiced although they tooke their part€ out and sold them neuer so
much vnder: But for the remedying thereof, and much more for the
releiuinge of those psons: the Directo’ and Comiittees propounded that
after all diligences vsed by the Planter himselfe for the best sale of
his obaceo (wherein §to§ their vttermost they would giue all good
helpe) if he would not come to some reasonable price, the peell€ should
be brought into the Court and sold by the candle whereby it was not
doubted but that he should come very neare to the iust price, espea-
cially consideringe that such kinde of mens goodé€ could be but smale
quantities w“ would be euery mans money.

These Proposiéons were liked and the further consideraéon of them
referred likewise to the next Court.

S* Edwin Sandys acquainted the Court that the Lo Cauendish, him-
selfe, and some others, hauinge had conference w” my Lord Treas-
uror his Ip: told them that direcéon should be giuen to m’ Atturney
for the present drawinge vp of the Patent and that his Letters also
should be forthw™ dispatched to all the pts ||Porte|| in reguard the
Proclamation could not as yet come forth.

AN EXTRAORDINARY COURT HELD FOR
Viren ||AND THE SuMER ILAND€|| ON SATTURDAY IN THE FORENOONE
THE 22™ or ffeBRUA: i622

PRESENT

Right Hono™ Ea of Southamp.
Ea of Warwicke.
Lo S* Iohn.
Lo: Cauendish.

S* Edw: Sackuill. m’ Paulavicine. m’ Winch.
S' Io Brooke. m’ Io: Wolstenholme. m’ Palmer.

294 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

S' Edw: Sandys. m’ Risly. m’ Moorer.
S' Io: Dauers. m’ Tomlins. m’ Ditchfeild.
S' Io Scudamore. m1’ Jo: ffarrar. m’ Nicholl.
S’ Timoth: Thornhill. m* Gough. mn’ Couell.
m’ Nicho: ffarrar Dpt. m* Berblocke. m’ Seward.
m’ Gibbs. m’ Thaire. m’ Bennett.
m’ Herbert. m’ Kightly. m’‘ Bull.
m’ Bromefeild. m’‘ Io Smith. m’ Bolton.
m™ Wilmer. m’ Ro: Smith. m’ Hobbs.
m’ Steward. m’ Edwarde. m’ Southerton.
m’ Binge. m’* Barker. m’ Withers.
m'’ Caswell. m1’ Bland. m’ Downes.
m’ Bowater. eae || \|m? Widdowes.|} [211]
m* Addison. m’ Mellinge. m’ Hardinge.
m’ Swayne. m’ Tomkins. m’ Tho: Waterhowse.
m'’ Swinhowe. m* Boothby. m’* Elkington.
m’ Newport. mm Jadwin. m’* Tickner.
m‘ Lawrence. m* Wiseman. m’ Truloue.
m* Baynham. m* Roberté. mn’ ffran: Waterhowse.
m* Leuer. m* Woodall. m'‘ Cuffe.
m’ Shippard. m’ Stone. m’ Siluer: Taylor.
Capt Gifford. m’ Hart. Capt Rossingham.
m’* Meuerell. m’ Tatam. m’* Moorewood.
m* Hackett. m’ Balmford. m’ Sparrowe.
m* Kingstone. m’ Ley.
m’ Webbe. m’ Owen Arthur.

w" diuers others.

At the settinge downe of the Court the Ea: of Southampton signified
vuto the Court that he had receaued a letter from the Lord Treasuror
who vpon complaint€ made by some members of the Companie was
desirous before thing were further proceeded in to receaue satisfac -
Gon concerninge those pointe they had complayned vnto him of: But
in the meane while, till the Lord Treasuror appointe a meetinge his
Ip: said he thought fitt to acquaint the Court thereof and to take into
reveiwe and consideraéon the seuerall point€ concluded on by the last

FEBRUARY 22, 1623: :° © 295

Court touchinge the manner of menaging the Contract, w™ his lp:
said he conceaued to be the buissines wherevpon the complaint€ were
chiefely grounded, Wherevpon his lp: willed to read the Court held
the 19 of this present Moneth, all the pticuler point€ whereof were
againe seuerally disputed and debated as they were read and all of
them confirmed and ratified by the iudgement of this present Court,
except the last pointe vizt that it should be lawfull for euery pticuler
man to take out his Tobacco, leavinge for euery Third pound the full
value w™ it should be rated at for his Ma” vse: This Course was by
plurality of voices adiudged to be likely to bringe downe the price of
the Comodity in reguard that men would to haue ready money sell
vnder that rate w™ they had taken it out wherevpon it was by erecéon
of hand¢ ordered that the Tobacco should be sold all in Bulke and if
any man would haue his owne he should buy it out of the lumpe, yet
withall it was agreed and ordered that if in this waye the Tobacco
did not sell in that quantitie as was expected but it should be found
that the Tobacconist@ and Retaylors should combine together to the
preiudice of the Stocke, that then after three Moneths for the vent-
inge of the Cofioditie the former course should be held.

This donn m' Deputy moued that the Shares propounded at the last
Court might nowe passe if no man tooke exception thereto the pties
beinge these that followe vizt

S' Io: Trevor the ffather passed two shares to 8‘ Jo: Trevor his
Sonne.

M’ Mellinge passed two Shares to m’ Boothby.

M’ Gideon D’Lawne passed one share to his sonne Abra: D’Lawne:
All w™ were approued and confirmed. [212]

These Shares also were propounded to passe at the next Court vizt.
M’ Viner one Share to m’ ffrancis Bickly and one other to m* Robert
Abden.

M’ Io: ffarrar one Share to Mathias Caldicott esq.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

AN EXTRAORDINARY COURT HELD FOR
ViremniaA ON MonbDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE
THE 24™ or ffEBRUARY 1622

PRESENT

Right Hono” Ea: of Southampton.
Lo: 8‘ Iohn.
Lo Padgett Cauendish.
8S’ Edw: Sackuill.
S' Io: Brooke.
S* Edwin Sandys.
8' Io Dauers.
S' Io: Scudamore.

m’ Nicho: ffarrar Dpf. m* Smith. m* Moorer.

m* Herbert. m’ Barbo’. m1’ Ditchfeild.

m’‘ Christ: Brooke. m* Caswell. m’ Bland.

m’ Bromefeild. m’ Seaward. m’* Jadwin.

m* Wilmer. m' Swayne. m’ Balmford.

m'‘ Io Wolstenholme. m’ Swinhowe. m' Edw: Waterhowse.
m* Wriosly. m’* Addison. m* Ley.

m’ Tomlins. m’ Baynham. m’* Hackett.

m1’ Jo: ffarrar. m’* Sheppard. m* Owen Arthur.
m’ Gouch. m’ Mellinge. m* Webbe.

m’* Berblocke. m‘ Boothby. with diuers others.

The Court held on Wedensday the 12: of ffebruary was nowe read:
w*" donn after a good pause, the Ea: of Southampton said, that as he
was heretofore slowe in puttinge thing¢ to the question, so nowe he
would be much slower, because it had bin reported to the Lord Treas-
uror that the Companie were ouerawed and durst not speake, w™
whither it were true or no themselues could Wittnesse, w™ report the
whole Court vtterly condemned to be false and scandalous, professinge

BEBRUAR DWM; iees «© -*) 297

that they enioyed as much freedome and liberty of speach as they
could desire The said Court of the Twelueth of ffebruary was by a
generall erecéon of hand€ no one dissentinge confirmed to be truely
sett downe.

S' Edwin Sandys at the request of the Ea: of Southampton did nowe
make report what passed in the morninge before the Lo: Treasuror,
where he said were present the Gouerno”™ and Deputies of both Com-
panies Also S* Io: Dauers, himselfe and some others, And on the
other part the Ea: of Warwicke S* Nath: Rich, m‘ Alderm: lohnson
[213] m"™ Wrote, m' Binge, m‘ Caninge and m’* Woodall with some
others, as also S' Io: Wolstenholme and other the Customers that
seemed. to assist them, all of them directly impugninge the Contract
as conceauinge it to be verie preiudiciall vnto the Plantations: much
speach passed w™ the Lord Treasuror heard with a great deale of
patience interruptinge no man: In the end one of the Customers made
a Proposition to his Ip: that seeinge there was so much difference and
fracéon between the Companies by reason of the Contract, it might
no longer hold, but the Companies be bound to bringe in all their
Tobacco and pay the i2* Custome vpon the pound w™ would be more
contentfull to the Planters and more benificiall to the Kinge: for it
was supposed within two or three yeares, there might ||will|| be brought
in yearely fower hundred Thousand waight from both the Plantations
w™ at 127 p pound came to — 20000" and in case a fourth part of
this was abated and so the payment brought to 8° it would amount to
20000 4 marke w* with 6000" that would be given for bringinge in of
Spanish Tobacco would make vp the former Some of — 20000".

Wherevnto answeare was then made, that this 12‘ p " was as hard a
Bargaine for the Planter as the other: w was shewed first by instance
of the smale proffitt that S* George Yeardly made of his Tobacco: Sec-
ondly by the smale proceed of the Magazine nowe returned w™ of 7000"
Stocke had scarce produced 4000" of their principall money after 4
yeares forbearance: Hee added also a Third instance out of his owne ’

1 This is the first of a series of estimates. Many rough notes and memoranda by members of the
opposition are mentioned in List of Records, between Nos. 396 and 424, Vol. I, pages 163 to 166, ante.
3A blank space in the manuscript.

298 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

experience of his Sumer Land¢€ Tobacco: In the sale whereof he
could hardly cleare — 6* p pound notwithstandinge he then paid
neither Custome nor imposiéon for it.

At length the Opposers presented to the Lord Treasuror certaine
Articles, contayninge partly Propositions, partly exceptions, where-
vnto his Ip: required aunsweare In all w™ passage S' Edwin Sandys
said, he was sorry to heare so much by speach and that it was soe
confidently averred espeacially by m* Wrote and m" Binge, that the
Companies in the carriage of the buissines were ouerawed by the Ea:
of Southampton with a kinde of threatninge, that vnlesse the Contract
went on the Plantaéons would be taken awaye from them.

S' Edwin Sandys further added that the Lord Treasuror intimated
that seinge the Companies haue receaued so much grace and fauo’ of
the Kinge by Lottaries and other meanes for aduancement of the
Plantation, he held it most vnfitt they should nowe carrie their Com-
odities any other where then into his Ma* Dominions: and therefore
concluded that whither Contract or no Contract, all must be brought
intothis Kingdome to paye custome whereby his Ma” Revenue might
be aduanced: W™ Proposition y° Opposers did well like of, and said
that they euer more desired that all might be brought in and m* Wrote
said that the Colony in Virginia had sent a Petiéon to be exhibited to
his Ma“ to that purpose, but the same was neuer presented to the
Kinge but concealed and suppressed by m' Deputy. [214]

Touchinge w™ the Ea: of Southampton said it appeares as well by the
verie petiéon it selfe as also by a Letter from the Colony at that time
vnto the Counsell here, that the Collony did meane nothinge lesse
then was pretended and that the scope of their petiéon was onely to
obtaine liberty to bringe in their Tobacco into England whereof they
were at that time vtterly debarred.

The Ea: of Southampton also signified vnto the Court that the Lord
Treasuror at their cominge awaye beinge asked whither they should
proceed in this buissines or no said, they might proceed and goe on
ex notwithstandinge these differences and opposiéons.

FEBRUARY 2%, 1683 299

Accordingly his lp: said they would nowe proceed, and therevpon
began to propound to the consideraéon of the Companie, that seeinge
this Contract did equally concerne both Companies, they were first to
consider howe to aduance the price of the Tobacco that should come
from both the Plantaéons, to the most proffitt and aduantage aswell
of the Aduenturers as Planters of both the Companies: w™ the Coiii-
ittee hauinge duely considered of, conceaued it could no waye bedonn .
vulesse both Companies did ioyne and agree together about settinge
the price of the Tobacco.

W" pointe beinge taken into consideraéon some were of opinion, it
were most fitt, that each Companie should sett the price of their owne
Tobacco, Wherevnto aunsweare was made that by that course there
might fall out a verie great inequality in settinge the price thereof:
for in case two Shipps should come together, the one from Virginia
the other from the Sufier [and¢, if the one Companie should sett
theirs at 5‘—and the other at 4°—by this meanes the one would sell of
all of their Tobacco (beinge lower priced) before the other should be
able to put of any at all.

Wherevpon after mature deliberaZon and debate, it was at length put
to the question, whither vpon the cominge home of any Tobacco from
Virginia or the Suffer Iland¢, the Companie did not thinke it fitt,
that after the Comittees haue considered of a price both Companies
be assembled together (and not one alone) to sett the price thereof
This by a general] erecéon of hand¢ was agreed and ordered no one
dissentinge.

It was likewise propounded, that in case the Companies cannot agree
in settinge the price and that they both differ also from the price sett
by the Cofiittees, as for example, if one sett at 6" p pound and the
other 5° that in such case the medium w™ is 5° 6° be sett: This propo-
sicon was well approued, and beinge put to the question, it was by a
generall erecGon of hand¢ agreed and ordered that in such cases the
mediii should be taken. [215]

1 Written over ‘‘d.”’

300 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

It was further propounded that in case the one Companie agree with
the Comittee in settinge the price and the other Companie shall
thinke fitt to sett a higher price and withall shall offer to take it of
at that higher price that then they may haue it, otherwise the price
sett by the Cofiittees and the other Gemiittee Companie to stand
This proposiéon was also well approued of and by erecGon of hand¢
generally agreed and ordered accordingly.

Lastly it was propounded that in reguard the Contract doth equally
concerne both Companies, and that there is a necessity of vnitinge
them together whereby they may vnanimously agree together in their
proceeding¢ touchinge the Contract, that no Act or buissines be donn
touchinge the same but by the consent of both Companies assembled
together: So that what shalbe ordered in one Court may be againe
propounded and ordered in the other: W™ Proposition was also well
approued of and ordered accordingly

At A CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA AND
THE Suiter ILANDe oN WEDENSDAY
IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 5° OF
Marca ||/Marca 5.'|| i622

PRESENT

Right Hono™: Lo: Cauendish.
S* Edwin Sandys.
S’ Io Dauers.
Collo: Ogle.
S* Nath: Rich.
S' Tho: Wroth.
Do’ Dun.

m’ Gibbs. © =~ ‘mi’ Seaward. m’ Webbe.
m’ Iohnson. m’ Iadwin. m’ Cuffe.
1 Entered in the margin at some later date.

MARCH 6, 1688 301
m* Xfer Brooke. m’* Woodall. mn‘ Trueloue.
nm’ Bromefeild. m’* Morewood. m' Meuerell.
wn’ Butler. Capt: Bargraue. m' Edw: Waterhowse.
m’ Binge. m* Boothby. m’ Rider.
m’ Paulavicine. m'‘ Geo: Garret. m‘ Barker.
m’ Tomlins. m’* Roberteé. m’ Rich: Bennett.
m’ Nich® ffarrar Dpt. mj‘ Ley. m* Edwarde.
m‘ Jo: ffarrar. m‘ Ro: Smith. m‘ Taylo’.
m1" Berblocke. mn’ Sparrowe. mn’ Stone.
m’ Bull. m* Rogers.’ m’ Hurd.
m’* Barbo’. m* Goodyeare. m’ Norwood.
m’ Bland. m’ Baynham. m* Lever.
m’ Wheatly. m* Copland. m1’ fletcher.
m’ Moorer. m* Swinhowe. m’ Dike.
mm’ Widdowes. m’ West. m‘ Scott.
m’ Balmeford. m* Sheppard. m’ Elkington
m’ Nichollé. m’ Arth: Swaine. wm’ Shipton.
m’ Bolton. m’ Owen Arthur. wm’ Kirby.
m’ Wiseman. m’ Southerton. m* Coop.
m’ Ditchfeild. m* Tomkins. with diuers others.
mm‘ Viner. m* Hobbs. [216]
m‘ Mellinge.

M* Deputy obseruinge divers Strangers to be in the Court not free of
the Companie, as he conceaued, desired that they would depart the
Court: But some said that they were Planters that come lately from
the Sumer Dland¢, and therefore thought fitt (there beinge also a
Sumer Nand¢ Court warned) that they might likewise be present; But
it was aunsweared that there was the last yeare a lawe made, whereby
that was forbidden: And it was likewise testified that for these two
last yeares the Companie had thought fitt to deny leaue to such Plant-
ers as were not ffreeholders to sett in Court¢ and that therevpon they
had bin often times excluded wherevpon they were nowe entreated to
depart the Court.

2 Written over ‘‘Roberts.’’

302 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

After w™ the Lord Cauendish said that vpon Satturday last there was
a message sent from the Lorde of his Ma“ Priuy Counsell to warne
himselfe and such’ others as he would bring with him on the one side,
and the Ea: of Warwicke end |lor|| S* Nath: Rich and such others as
they would bringe w™ them on the other ptie for the Suffer Ilande
Companie: And for the Virginia Companie 8‘ Edwin Sandys and
m’* ffarrars and such as they would bringe with them on the one
part: And on the other part 8’ Tho: Smith and m’ Alderman Iohn-
son and such others as they would bringe with them to attend the
Lordé€ on Tuisday morninge, concerninge the setlinge of the buissines
of Tobacco: W™ his Ip: said they did accordingly, beinge accompanied
with ¢ke ||my|| Lo: S* Iohn, the Lo Padgett S* Edward Sackuill 8’
Iohn Brooke 8’ Io: Dauers 8‘ Robert Killigrewe and diuers others of
the Companie where there mett likewise divers perticuler men of the
Companie, vpon whose complaint€ against the Contract, the Lord
Treasuror signified this meetinge was appointed: Wherevpon the Lo:
Cauendish said he made Protestaéon that the Contract hauinge bin
often and most orderly concluded in diuers Quarter Courts, himselfe
and the rest of the Companie attendinge him did not nowe come to
giue those Members of the Companie that nowe opposed it any satis-
facéon, for beinge not onely as the lesser part involued in the generall
agreement, but most of them hauinge actually given their consente
vnto the concludinge of the Contract it were to the preiudice of all
good gouerment to treat further with them there about: But if their
Ttp’ vpon any sinister informaéon giuen them had conceaued any
doubt¢, himselfe and the rest were ready to giue an Account to their
l”* of all their proceeding€ and such as they were assured should in
euery perticuler satisfie them. Wherevpon their ff” requiringe
some of the Complaynant¢ to make knowne their greiuances ¢heiv m’
Binge stepped forth and made a longe invectiue against the Contract
and the manner vsed [217] in passinge it; wherein he said men were
ouerawed by threatninge wordé, that if they yealded not thereto they
should do worse that they must quitt the Plantations, That the Ea:
of Southampton findinge an vnwillingnes in the Companies to yeald
to so hard a bargaine, sett him downe in his chaire, pullinge his hatt

1 Written over the word ‘‘some.”’

MARCH 5, 1628 sae li 303

ouer his eyes and foldinge his Armes acrosse and leninge backeward
in his Chaire, as if all were lost, w™ kinde of behauic’ and former
worde, frighted the Companie to yeald vnto this Bargaine it beinge
concealed from them (w™ nowe their Tt signified) that this Contract
was offred by the Lord Treasuror in his Ma” name as from his espea-
ciall grace to the aduancement of the Plantations: And further m’
Binge said that the Ea: of Southampton did not onely saye that he
would be m* Wrotes Accuser, and that whilest he was in the Com-
panie there would be no peace nor quiet but that he did make it his
suite vnto the Companie to put him out: And these thing€ amongst
many other his lp: said m’ Binge did not onely deliuer but Act; and
that in such a manner as was distastfull to the Lord¢ of the Counsell:
Wherevpon m’ Binge was by their tt* rebuked for his behauio’ and
worde; and his Lp: said he could not forbeare to desire iustice of the
Bourd against him for hauinge so wronged and abased the Ea of
Southampton beinge a Peere of the Realme and a Member of that
Bourd not only nowe in their ll”* presence but also other where hau-
inge said as by two sufficient Wittnesses would be there proued that
if he had bin as m™ Wrote when my Lo: of Southampton by order of
the Counsell for Virginia suspended him from thet |le|| Counsell he
would haue told him His lp: should not suspend him from the Coun -
sell of Virginia beinge a suspended Lord himmseke from the Counsell
Fable |lof State||: W° Speech m’ Binge denied desiringe that point
might be deferred till the returne of my Lo: of Warwick and m’ Wrote
who were nowe with the Kinge. His Ip: said that the Lorde of the
Counsell seemed much offended with m‘ Binge; and said they would
\|not|| let is it passe but would consider of it by it selfe.

But for the mayne buissines out of m’ Binge speach, the Lord Treas-
uror propounded three point€ to be insisted on; ffirst whither the
Companie were ouerawed, Secondly whither this Contract were for
the good of the Plantation, And lastly that if this present Contract
were not good for the Plantations howe it might be made good.

ffor the first pointe of ouerawinge his lp: said that diuers other
affirmed as m* Binge had donne, wherevpon by himselfe and S* Edw:

304 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Sackuill they were much pressed to deliuer the word¢ ||wherew™ they
were]| (as they said) threatned and affrighted: Wherevpon m’ Gibbs
said, they were told if they did not yeald to this bargaine they must
do worse they must quitt the Plantaéons: [218]

Wherevnto the Lo Cauendish said there was by himselfe and others
made Aunsweare that if those word€ were spoken it was declared and
explayned what the meaninge of them was: That if the Companies
did not accept of this Bargaine of sole Importaéon (nowe it was offered
them) it would be vndertaken by others w™ would be much worse for
them as they had found by experience and phapps their Tobacco
thereby would be ||so|| brought downe as they should not be able to
liue, and so the Plantaéons might be quitted but as for intendinge
thereby his Ma“ displeasure to the Companies (if they refused this
Bargaine) or that otherwise the Plantaéons would be taken from them
as these Oppugners would nowe pretend it was answeared that it was
most false the Contract hauinge bin from the verie begininge to the
end propounded to the Companies as a thinge offered by his Ma“°
meerely out of his grace and fauo’ to the Plantaéons and by the Lord
Treasuror out of his espeaciall loue and respect to the Plantations: In
w™ reguard his lp refused other greater offers for matter of proffitt,
and in this manner was the proposing of the Contract expressed and
sett downe in the Court book as was there presented to be shewen:
The debatinge and clearinge of this pointe his lp: said, held all the
forenoone.

In the afternoone the second point propounded by the Lord Treasuror
was considered and debated vizt howe good or evill this Contract was
for the Plantations: Wherevpon 8‘ Natha: Rich instanced his case
that hauinge ||sent|| 120" of Comodities this yeare he should loose it
all except a verie litle if this Contract proceeded accordinge to the
Account that he made: But his lp: said that it was by S* Edwin
Sandys and others answeared, that this Contract was not concluded
by the Companies nor by them proposed simply as a good bargaine
but onely comparatiuely as a better then that estate they were for-
merly in, w” by many instances was proued not onely of pticuler

MARCH 65,1628... 305

mens cases, but principally of the great Magazine wherein men had
lost after six weeké€ ||yeares|| time neare halfe of their Capitall¢, and
that in S' Natha: Riches Account there was a mayne erro’ in the verie
ground in ratinge Tobacco in y°® Country at ij’ vj‘ a pound; At w™
price the greatest part of Tobacco came home these last three or fower
yeares had not bin sold.

And this pointe his Ip: said after longe debate and dispute was so well _
cleared as he supposed the Lord¢ of the Counsell were fully satisfied
with the reasons giuen on the Companies part vizt That by this Con-
tract the Companies were not sett in worse case, then they were for-
merly: In the end his lp: said they were willed to goe out and after a
good while himselfe and 8S’ Edwin Sandys [219] and the Deputy of
the Virginia Companie were called in againe, where they were by the
Lord President told, that it twas not their lp* pleasure to speake nowe
of the Contract but of a Post-act vizt the sendinge of some Shipps
from the Plantations to Holland w™ his lp: made aunsweare was none
of the Companies Act but of perticuler Aduenturers to whome the
Shipps and good¢ belonged; their itp’ seemed much offended thereat,
and ||willed|| his lp: to signifie and declare it to the Companies that it
was the pleasure and cofiaund of that Bourd that the Tobacco and all
other Comodities belonginge to those Plantations should be brought
directly home for England.

M" Deputy said that the Lord President told them further concein-
inge the Contract (speakinge to the Lord Cauendish) that his lp and
the rest had giuen a good Account vnto the Bourd, both of the rea-
sons they had in concludinge this Contract as also of the faire pro-
ceedinge and carriage in the passinge of it, whereof they would giue
his Ma” aduertisement, and doubted not but that the Companies
should haue either the Contract confirmed vnto them accordingely as
themselues had agreed and ordered or el€ some other bargaine asmuch
to their content.

His Ip: hauinge breifely deHtered ||declared|| the report, m’ Gibbs
conceauing that the Lord Cauendish had said, that he was one of
them that had said at Counsell Table that he was ouerawed, desired

16456—vo. 2—06——20

306 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

that if the Secretary had so sett it downe it might be altered and
amended for he said he denied at Counsell Table that he was ouer-
awed but had indeed alledged those former word€ w™ he left to the
iudgement of the Bourd what sense they may carry.

M’ Binge said that the ouerawinge that he spake of, he did not meane
it of metus potentie but of metus reverentia.

M’ Deputy said that he conceaued there had three thing€ of speciall
ef obseruance and note passed at Counsell Table that daye, two pointe
whereof were matter of great ioye to himselfe, and he doubted not
were likewise of singuler comfort to the Companie.

ffirst a most humble ||honorable|| testimony giuen by the Lord
Treasuror of the good proceeding€ and carriage of the buissines of
the Plantations these fower last yeares, so as his lp: said they
had thereby thriuen and prospered beyound beleife and almost
miraculously:

The Lord Cauendish said that the Lord Treasuror added further that
in the former yeares when Alderman Iohnson was deputy and the
buissines was in other mens handé it was carried leaudly So that
if they should be called to an Account for it their estat€ could not
aunsweare it.

Secondly the good satisfacéon that their Tt had receaued and rested
possessed with concerninge the Companies proceeding¢ in this buissi-
nes of the Contract. [220]

But the third pointe ||he said|| required matter of exact consideraéon
vizt their Ttps coMaund to bringe in all their Tobacco and other good¢
to w™ Proposition of their Tip’ it hauinge bin made vnto the Com-
panies about a yeare and halfe a goe the Companies had then pre-
sented vnto their Itps diuers reasons declaringe the impossibility that
was for the Companies to pforme this as also the extreame preiudice
that would thereby arise vnto the Plantations w™ was so great, as by
a second remonstrance to their Itp* the Court¢€ then assembled, made

MARCH &, 1623 i“ 307

humble protestaéon that out of their duety to God and his Ma“ they
could not giue their consent thereto: And therevpon he said he con-
ceaued that their ftp’ had rested satisfied and contented, but nowe
they seemed resolutely to require it, w* he doubted was through the
offers and moéons of some Brothers of the Companie who out of
opposiéon to this Contract did propose this newe waye, and it was by
some of them informed the Lord Treasuror that the whole Compenie
§Colony§ of Virginia had made petiéon purposely to that effect
offringe to bringe in all their Tobacco and that this petigon had bin
by himselfe and ||somel|| others concealed: w" howe True it was
would appeare by the petiéon it selfe and the Companies §Counsells§
letter, w™ m™ Deputy produced and were read beinge as followeth.'

To the Right Honorable the Earle of Southampton and other the Lords and to
the right worp!t the Knights and the rest of the Counsell and Compagny for
Virginia

Right Honorable’

The people heare hauing taken notice of his Ma‘: late Proclamagon against Letter

the Importaton of Tobacco into England have offered vnto vs the Petiton
herew“all sent desyringe vs to be a means soe to comend itt vnto yo" as that
itt may be plsented to his Ma"*: and his gratious answere thervnto obteyned,
w their desires togeather w™ their Sour§ owne, Wee doe hereby offer vnto
yo" humbly entreatinge itt may be deliuered in as humble and effectual] man-
ner as may be seinge the life of the Plantaton dependeth vppon the wellfare of
itt And soe wee leave yo" and the success therof to y° blessingeof y° Almighty
& rest
Most humbly att yo" Comaund
Iames Citty Ianuary. i - George Yeardley.
21 1620. George Thorpe.
Tho: Nuce.
Nath: Powle.
Tohn Rolf.
Sam: Macock.
This copy exactly agreeth w™ y° orignall sent for Iohn Pountes.
England in y° Temperance. __ 1 ia _ John Pory Sec’.
Io Pory Sec* [221]
1 This letter is cited in List of Records, No. 229, Vol. I, page 146, ante.

? The address of this letter is in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar. From this point the handwrit-
ing is that of Nicholas Ferrar’s assistant, referred to as Thomas Collett.

Petition of the
Collony

308

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

To THE Kines moast Excettent M4T¥

The Humble Petition of the distressed CoJlony in Virginia

Shewing y‘ wheras' it pleased yo" Ma’ now many years since out of yo" Reli-
gious desire to spred the Gospell of Christ and Princely ambition to inlarge
yo" owne Dominions to give incourragment vnto vs yo" Ma“ poore Subiect¢€
by many goodly priveledges and liberties vnder yo" Ma" great Seale of Eng-
land then w™ wee could accompt no earthlie thinge more firme to adventure
our lives and fortunes hither for those intent€; In w® enterprize to tell how
great things many of vs have suffered throughe hunger alone, would be as
incredible as horrible to reporte to yo" sacred eares, w“" difficulties wee by
the faveur |power| of God haveinge in some sorte ouercom, and brought our
selvs to some abillytie of Sabstanee |Subsistence|| wout any other help from
England, butt onely by course of Marchandize are now like to be returned
to the same or worse difficulties by the sinister practises of some principall
psonns of our Company att home who pretend yo" Ma“ profitt butt intend-
inge there owne more, have gone about to blow vs vpp att once wth a procla-
maéon w™ they have peured from yo" Ma”: as wee hope vppon some false
ground, prohibitinge our Importaton of Tobacco the onely Comodity w™ wee
have had hitherto meanes to raise towards the apparvellinge of our bodies, &
other needfull Supplem“ other things of more reall value and constant sale
requyringe more time in the growth then our necessities would allow and more
help as to practise, then wee till of late have bine furnished wall By w™
course wee are plunged in soe great extremities y* now ther remayneth neither
help nor hope, but y‘ wee must all here pish for want of clothinge & other
necessaries such as both o* nature sometimes & breedinge may require wherby
yo" Ma": shall not onely loss soe many good & loyall Subiects as have hither
adventured their lives & substance in gods service & yo" Ma‘: but w™ them y*
hope of a Teritorie as larg & as opulent to be made as any of those kingdoms
yo" now possess.*

May itt therefore please yo" Ma'’ out of yo" princely compassion, since wee
are assured y‘ yo" tender y° liues & wellfares of yo" subiects beyound thou-
sands of gold & siluer & yo" royall word ratified by yo" great Seale farr aboue,
both either to revoke y' Proclamaéon & |so|| restore us to ou’ antient liberty
or otherwise to send for vs all home & not to suffer y° heathen to tryumph
ouer vs & say wheris now their God soe shall wee all as wee are redy in duty
bound pray for yo’ Ma*: long life and happie raigne.

whereby * it appeared plainely that there was no Shaddowe nor coulo*
to gather such a sense as was informed to the Lord Treasuror: It

1 The address and preceding words of this petition is in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar.

? This letter is cited in List of Records, No. 229, Vol. I, page 146, ante.

* At this point in the manuscript the handwriting changes to that of an unidentified copyist,
referred to above as the ‘‘ fourth copyist.”

MARCH 6, 1008 = «= 309

being onely intended for the obtayninge of releife against that abso-
lute restraint of bringinge in any w™ by the Proclamation procured
by S' Tho: Roe they were vtterly barred of: But before this petigon
was receaued the Parliamentt cominge there was liberty giuen to the
Plantation to bringe in their Tobacco: Wherevpon the grace that they
desired beinge obtayned from his Ma™, it had bin vaine to haue
deliuered their petigon.

S' Edwin Sandys said that obseruinge the Collonies last conclusion of
their petiéon, he sawe verie good ground for the vsinge of those word€
of quittinge the Plantation if they were vsed (w™ yet he said he
remembred not) for except the Companies did themselues accept of
the Contract for sole Importaéon it was likely to haue bin giuen vnto
others who made offer of so exceedinge and large a Revenue to his
Ma‘ as could not possibly be by them raised but with exceedinge
much preiudice to the Plantation w™ they had brought to those termes
as this petigon nowe declared w™ was to a direct resoluéon of quittinge
the Plantation, so that it might be verie iustly said that if the Com-
panies did not themselues vndertake the sole Importaéon it would be
worse for them and in this sense and noe otherwise could that worde
be vsed without a stronge and most absurd contradiction, for that
they should be entended to signifie or intimated the feare of the Kings
displeasure or indignaéon or the Lord Treasurors [222] or any others
intent to take awaye the Plantations as is nowe made to be suspected
and conceaued could not possibly stand in any reason and sense with
those continuall prefaces and introducéons w™ were ||propounded and||
vsed at all times in this buissines (vizt) that it was offered on his
Ma" part out of his meere grace and royall intenéon for the good of
the Planta@on and from the Lord Treasuror out of an espeaciall loue
and fauo’ vnto the Plantation as beinge himselfe one of the most
auncient Aduenturors and Counsellors and therefore exceedingly
affectinge the prosperity and encrease of the Plantations so as it might
stand with the maintenance of his Ma” Revenues although with some
abatement of that w™ was offered by others who would not phapps
haue that tender respect vnto the Plantations as his lp: desired: w™
manner of proposinge the buissines beinge fresh in their memories
and so sett downe in their Court book€ he said he did appeale vnto

310 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

the iudgement of the Court€ then present whither there could be
drawne any such sense from the wordé of doeinge worse and quittinge
the Plantations as is nowe pretended was conceaued: As for the worde
(necessitated) w™ was at Counsell Table alledged to haue bin spoken
by a principall Member of this Companie in priuate, he said it was to
be vnderstood, not of necessity of force ||but of necessity of Reason||
whereby men were willinge for the bettering of their former estate
and for the preventinge of a worse, w™ they might iustly feare to
accept of that condigon w® in it selfe was hard but in comparison of
their former estate was easier:

M' Gibbs said he neuer heard of this distinction before, and mervayled
it was not vsed before the Lorde and said that he was assured, there
were 40 in the Court who vnderstood them otherwise:

But it was aunsweared that these aunsweares and interpretaéons were
made at Counsell Table by many and m*‘ Deputy moued that the clear-
inge of this pointe might be presently put vnto the iudgement of the
Court, sayinge that he was verie confident that there would be found
either not any at all or exceedinge fewe of that opinion.

W™ moéon diuers of the Court approued but some fewe opposed say-
inge that since the Court seemed generally to vnderstand them other-
wise, and the Lordé of the Counsell had declared themselues satisfied
in that point, that therefore it was needles: It was also desired by
them that it might be forborne for the maytayning of peace: But it
was replied by the Lord Cauendish that this was the waye to make
true peace by sellinge and determininge the [223] pointe in contro-
versie: wherefore after a longe debate and opposiéon made herevnto
by some fewe, the Court often and earnestly called vpon m* Deputy
to put it to the question: Wherevpon he said that he would first put
to the question whither it should be put to the question or noe w™
the Court well liked, and it was by a generall erec@on of hand¢ ordered
and agreed that the matter should be put to the question: But it
beinge past fiue of the Clocke it was desired that the continuance of
the Court might be so longe vntill buissinesses were disspatched w™
was accordingly ordered:

MARCH 6, 1623 311

The continuance likewise of the Sumfier [land¢ Court vpon the Lord
Cauendishes Proposition was ordered by a generall erecéon of hand¢.

W* beinge donne and diuers of those that had opposed it, departinge
out of the Court the matter was againe considered of and it was
desired, sad-tavas-desived for the fuller vnderstandinge and clearing
of the matter, that the question might be sett downe in writinge w™

was accordingly donn, in two Questions w™ were as followeth. .

ffirst it was put to the question whither in passinge the Contract
between his Ma“ and the two Companies for Virginia and the Sufier
Tlands for the sole Importaéon of Tobacco there had bin euer any
ouerawinge of any man by my Lo: of Southampton or my Lo Cauen-
dish or any other by any psonall speach or carriage or by vsinge any
worde of power either as in his Ma*“ name or the Lord TYers or the
Lorde of the Counsell: It was by a generall erec@on of handé€ (no one
dissentinge) denied that there had euer bin any manner of onerawinge
of any man in passinge the said Contract.

Secondly it was put to the question whither the matter hath not bin
carried fairely, and by strength only of reason appearinge to the
Courté and not otherwise: It was by a generall erecéon of hande€ (no
one dissentinge) vnanimously confessed and approued to haue bin
fairely carried and by strength of reason onely and not otherwise.

S* Edwin Sandys hauinge desired (as he had doni often before) that
they might proceed to the mayne buissines touchinge the Importaéon
of Tobacco delivered that after longe arguinge at the Counsell bourd
by the Opposite pty against the intended Contract, it pleased the Lord
President with great grauity and wisedome to moue that seeinge they
disliked so much of this Contract they would propose some other
course for the managinge of the Importaéon and Sale of Tobacco
whereby [224] the matter might be so setled as to giue more generall
content still preseruinge a due reguard to those twoe mayne end¢€
namely the vpholdinge of his Ma” proffitt together with the benifitt
of the Plantations.

312 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Wherevpon m’ Edwarde¢ proposed to the ti¢ that seeinge by their
Letters Patent€ they were to paye onely 5 p Centii to the Kinge for
custome without any other taxes or imposiéons w™ 5 p Centti would
not amount to aboue 3* p " for Tobaceo notwithstandinge in reguard
of his Ma fauo’ that the Companies and Planta@ons might haue the
sole Importaéon of Tobacco they would double that 3° and giue vnto
his Ma“ 6° for euery pound of Tobacco w™ he hoped his Mat’* would
be pleased graceously to accept seinge the Comodity could beare no
greater burden with the welfare of the Plantation:

This Proposition beinge passed ouer as beinge of noe proffitt to his
Ma”.

S' Iohn Wolstenholme stood forth and (as well appeared out of pre-
meditated thought) made a larger Proposition consistinge of 3 part¢€
w" beinge seconded againe and againe by another gentleman one of
the Customers: he conceaued it to proceed from their agreed resolu-
éon And therefore as beinge a Proposition grounded vpon consul-
taéon and aduice and maturely coneccted by men of good vnder-
standinge, he would with fauo’ of the Court examine it in the seuerall
parte and so deliuer his opinion of the vertue and goodnes of it.

Hee said then that S' ohn Wolstenholms Proposiéon consisted of three
branches, the first, that touchinge the Importaéon of Tobacco there
should be a generall freedome so that euery man without restraint
might bringe in what he pleased, and after it was brought in, might
be m’ of his owne goode€. w™ he thought would be a thinge of generall
content to all men.

The second branch was, that the Companies and Plantaéons should
paye here onely 12‘ the pound of Tobacco for custome and Imposiéon
and be discharged of these extraordinary burdens of Officers Sallaries
and other Charges. [225]

The third branch, that the Companies and Collonies should be cofi-
aunded to bringe all their Tobacco and other Cofiodities into this
Realme beinge a matter verie fittinge for diuers waightie considera-
cons.

MARCH 6, 1003: - © + ° 313

This beinge the Proposition and these the branches of it, he said he
would offer to their consideraéon diuers reasons against them, thereby
to drawe from other men, what contrariwise might be said in their
defence and maintenance, that so by conflict of reasons on both sid€,
the truth might better appeare and consequently the soundnes or
vnsoundnes of the Proposition.

Hee said that to the first branch there offered themselues (as he —
thought to euery mans vnderstandinge,) three mayne exceptions; The
first that by this vnrestrained liberty of bringinge in Tobacco from all
places aswell from Spayne as the two Plantaéons there would growe
here such a generall glutt of that Comoditie as would bringe downe
the price to so lowe a proporéon as would discourage the Aduenturers
and vndoe the poore Planters, the same beinge contrarie to the maine
intent of the Contract w™ was to raise the price of the Comodity to
the generall benifitt of the Plantatons Secondly it beinge averred
before their Tt’ that the meaner sort of Tobacco in Spaine may be
bought for the value of 6* or 12° at the most, and on the other side it
beinge alledged by the pty opposite to the Contract that the Tobacco
of the Plantations could not possiblie be affoorded at lesse then 2* 6°
the pound, it did necessarily followe that the Spanish Tobacco would
be much cheap then the Tobacco of the Plantations and consequently
would be first vented (to the extreame detriment if not beggeringe of
all the poore Planters especially consideringe the nature of the Coii-
odity w™ could not be longe kept without wast and perishinge.)

A Third reason he said might be drawne from the wisedome of the late
Assembly of Parliament where it beinge found by euident proufe and
the Spanish Marchaunt¢ confession that the Importaéon of Spanish
Tobacco into this Realme had hindred the Importacon of Spanish
money what by the price of the Tobacco itselfe and what by the vnder-
sellinge thereef of our English Comodityes for the sudden buyinge vp
of the Spanish Tobacco to the value of 100000" sterlinge by the yeare,
w™ hauinge so [226] continued for 10: or 12 yeares then last past,
was conceaued to be one principall cause of the scarcity of money in
this Realme, and therevpon the lower howse framed and passed a Bill

314 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

for the banishinge of Spanish Tobacco, and for the sole Importaéon
of that Comodity from the two Plantaéons And whereas also the
nowe Lord Treasuror out of his like care and respect to the Welfare
of this Realme had restrained the Contractors in this yeare last past
from bringinge in of aboue 60000 waight of Spanish Tobacco, this
Proposition settinge all at liberty and grauntinge a generall freedome
of bringinge in Tobacco from all places might well be to the aduan-
tage of some other Naéon, but certenly was preiudiciall and that in
a high degree both to the wealth of this Kingdome and to the sub-
sistinge of the Plantations.

Touchinge the second branch of 8‘ Iohn Wolstenhomes Proposition
as it was made at the Counsell bourd (for in other places he had made
it otherwise) that the Companies and Colonies should paye to the vse
of his Ma“ or the ffarmors of his Custome and Impost¢ 12° for euery
pound of Tobacco imported, it seemed that it was much more then
that Comodity could beare if the benifitt of the sole Importation were
taken from them; ffor if it were true w™ the Obiectors against the Con-
tract avouched that the Tobacco in the Colonyes stood them in 2® 6*
the pound, there beinge added thereto this 12*, and 6° at the least
more for freight and other publique charges of the Plantations it fol-
lowed that vnlesse the Tobacco were sold one with another at 4° the
pound, the Companies and Collonies should be loosers by it of their
principall¢ whereas contrariwise there seemed no probable apparance,
that in so great a glutt of Tobacco and the meaner sort of the Spanish
Tobacco beinge so cheape and the Comodity beinge diuided into so
many hundredé¢ of hande¢, that euer it would be sold at aboue 12° or
2° the pound at the vttmost and this he said was confirmed by the
experience of sundrie later yeares, wherein our Tobacco one with
another had not bin sold at aboue that proporéon: And although the
Planters [227] could afford their Tobacco at 12* p pound in the Plan-
tations, yet it is cleare that this charge of Tweluepence and 6* more
must needé cause that all they w™ dealt in that Coffiodity should liue
in a continuall losse to their vtter consumption, a veiwe whereof
might be taken he said in the late great Magazine w™ beinge comitted
into the handeé of a wise and prouident Director, after 6; yeares con-

MARCH 6, 1623 TR 315

tinuance by the fall of the price of this Cofiodity had brought a Stocke
of 7000" to lesse then 4000" to the great discouragement of all future
Aduenturers.

Nowe to the third branch of this Proposition that the Companies and
Collonies should be cofiaunded to bringe in all their Tobacco, as like-
wise all other Comodities, ffirst into this Realme, from hence to be
after vented by trade to other Naéons, he said he would not enlarge:
much vpon it because he vnderstood that this Proposition had bin
formerly made by the Tt¢ aboue a yeare since in his absence and aun-
sweared by the Court€ in writinge and so exhibited to their If yet
this he would add that the Dealers in this Contract with the Lord
Treasuror had at sundrie times acquainted his lp that the Tobacco of
the Plantations beinge in point of interest of three seuerall natures
the one part belonginge to the bodies of the Companies, another part
to diuers Societies, as Southampton and Martins Hundred, a third
part to pticuler Planters w™ he thought was the greatest part; that
for the Tobacco belonginge to the Bodies of the Companies, it was in
the Companies power to bringe it alwayes in, But for the rest the
Companies had no power to enforce them, they beinge as free by his
Ma” originall Graunt as the rest of his Subiect¢ inhabitinge in this
Realme.

Howbeit they thought that as by the rigor of the former Contracto’
the Planters had bin driven to seeke forraigne part€ for their mar-
chandize, so nowe by the good vsage w™ they might receaue vpon this
graunt of sole Importaéon and sole sellinge they might be reduced to
come hither againe as beinge their best markett butt whereas it hath
bin alledged by a verie hono™ pson, in waye of example that the Col-
lonies of the Kinge of Spayne vp and downe the West Indies brought
all that marchandize to Spayne and no other place he said that he
thought that there might be some important difference, if the misin-
formaéons w™ he had receaued from credible psons were true, the
State of Spaine suffred noe other Comodities of the same kinde to
be brought into that Kingdome w™ was an exceedinge great benifitt
to all his Indy Collonyes, w™ fauo’ if it would please his Ma*® to
vouchsafe to the two Plantations, he doubted not but they would

316 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

gladly yeald [228] obedience to that coMaund and this he hoped was
their Tt” intent out of their fauo’ to the Plantations: But nowe as the
Proposition was made by S* Iohn Wolstenholme that without any
such benifitt of sole Importaéon, they should be constrained to bringe
in all their Cofiodities; he doubted that as it tended to the Customers
priuate enrichment soe in short time it might redound to the ruine
of the PlantaGons for the Colony in Virginia had and might haue
many Comodities of smale price as Salt Pipestaues, ffish, Caueary
and the like w™ in other part€ might be vendible at an indifferent
price, but here not soe, the distance of place and great fraight con-
sidered & consequently they were to be exported againe out of this
Kingdome, nowe consideringe that within fiue or six yeares at the
most the Kinge is to haue custome of all marchandize in Virginia it
selfe if those good€ should paye a second Custome here and after-
ward¢€ a Third Custome in forraigne part€ where they are vented,
who can doubt but these three Customes together with freight and
other charges would so feed on the Comodity as to leaue smale
sustenance for the Aduenturer and Planter But howesoeu? it
should please the Lordé to deliuer their comaund whither simply with
a grace annexed for the sole ImportaGon as in the Spanish Dominions
for his part he would alwayes be the Sonn of obedience and doubted
not but the Companies would informe themselues accordinge: How-
beit he thought it the part of well ordered duety both to yeald obedi-
ence to the Superiors comaund, yet in case of impossibility or publique
mischiefe that might ensue, to give vp a true informaéon both of the
one and other.

These reasons beinge generally approued and confirmed by many in
the Court m’ Rider said he had somewhat to add to that w was
spoken by S' Edwin Sandys vizt that the Plantations in the West
Indies were founded by the Kinge of Spayne out of their owne Treas-
ury and Revenues And the State of Spayne mainetayned the Garri-
sons there, together with a great Nauy for their vse and defence,
whereas o’ Plantaéons were were both setled and supported by
the charge of priuate Aduenturers, saue that it was added by
another they had helpe by his Ma” grace of some Collecéon and Lot-

MARCH 6, 1623 | 317

teries w™ had bin expended meerely vpon the publique: Where-
vvypon the Court after mature debate and consideraéon desired it
might be signified to their Itp* that they should be willinge in obedi-
ence [229] to their Tt** comaund to ||giue order for|| bring||ing]|] + all
their Comodities from the said Plantation for this yeare as much as
in them laye, but wheereas diuers Shipps haue bin sett out by pri-
uate Brothers of the Companie and also some belonginge to Planters
in Virginia it is not in the Companies power to compell or force
therevnto: And further the Court desired that it might be humblie
signified to their ttp*: that as they had formerly made remonstrance
to their Tt” this causinge of all Comodities to be brought in, would
be a meanes not onely much to ||their|| preiudice but vtterly to ouer-
throwe the Plantations for the reasons w® they had formerly pre-
sented to their Tt’ and some others nowe alledged w™ the Courte
desired might be drawne vp and againe presented to their Ip’.

M' Deputy acquainted the Court that himselfe and the Auditors as
much as his time would giue him leaue through so great and many
interruptions as had of late hapned, had beguii the auditinge of the
old Magazine Account w™ he founde somewhat more intricate and
difficult then he expected but of that he would farther aduise them
hereafter, nowe he said he was beinge entreated (by diuers of the
Aduenturers) to propound to their consideraéon what they would do
concerninge the moneyes due vnto them nowe almost fower Monethes
from m* Alderman Iohnson and m’ Essington for Tobacco sold vnto
them wherevpon they yet owed 800" as by the Account vnder m’
Essingtons owne hand appeared.

Alderman Iohnson said there was 500" lost by that bargaine that him-
selfe did but firme the Bill for m' Essington that vpon the Account of
the Magazine, there was owinge to him aboue 300" w™ he would be
allowed before the 800" should be paide.

M’ Deputy replyed that m’ Alderman was the principall in the Bill
and wee ||not|| the Security, That it was true that by the Account
m’ Alderman was made Debiter Creditor for 3000" but he said that
the Auditors conceaued the greatest part of it was to be deducted

318 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

vizt neare vpon 100" laide out in Charge against Captaine Bargraue
against w™ the Companies had alwayes protested that they would
not allowe anythinge: Besid@€ vpon the Susan Account there was
due 100" fox from Alderman Iohnson: And further whereas Alderman
Iohnson brings good Somes ||paid for interest of moneys|| they can-
not finde by the Account but that there must be a great deale of abate-
ment in reguard that they finde by the Account that he kept good
Somes of money in his hande¢ [230] at the same time: In the end
the Court desired m* Alderman to prouide his defences in these
pointe against the next Court: And whereas m* Deputy acquainted
them that there was remayninge from divers psons debts longe due
vizt

coe a a a 38'—7"—0"
from m‘ Nicho: Leat...... rn cas 43 —0—0
flhoma- a! PC Rage. cere tec ccc ccc cee. Aenea. 88 —5 —7

M’ Bull and m’ Caswell are desired to entreat those gentleman to paye
in their moneyes, or el€ not to take it ill that the Companie shall by
course of Lawe be enforced to seeke it.

At A CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA
on ffRipAY IN THE AFTERNOONE
THE 7° oF Marcu i622:

nw
ence ty.
mischiet,

one and ov
PRESENT

These reasons . —-
ilenelhaeali died jeht Hono™ Lo: Cauendish.

Lo: 8S‘ John.
spoken by 8‘ Ed
Tndies — found. Lio Paslgett.
ury and Revenues wm’ Balmford. m’ Christ: Brooke.
sons there, together m‘ Shippard. |\m* Buckeredge. ||
whereas o' Plantaéon' Wheatly. © —s m" Etheridge.
the charge of priuat” Widdowes. ||mm"||

another they had helpe’ Withers. _—«:m" Hackett.

S' Tho: Wroth.

S' Roger Twisdell.

Collo: Ogle.

m’ Gibbs.

m’ Wilmer.

m’ Geo Garret.
tet Abe

m’ Paulavicen.
m’ Do’ Meddus.
m’ Robt Smith.
mn‘ Binge.

m* Berblocke.
m’ Tomlins.

m’ Deputy.

m’ Jo ffarrar.
m* Sandys.

m’ Bland.

m' Barbo’.

m’ Butler.

MARCH 7, 1623 ~ 319

m’ Mellinge
m’ Bull.

m’ Caswell.
m’ Addison.
m’* Caninge.
m’ Nicholle.
m’ Neuill.
m’ West.

m’ Ditchfeild.
m’ Meuerell.
m’ Couell.
m’ Viner.

m’* Rogers.
m’ Ley.

m’ Waterhowse.

m’ Moorer.
m’ Hobbs.
m’ ffothergill.
m* Gough.

m’* Wolstenholme.

m* Webbe.

m’ Rich: Bennett.
m’ Barbo’.

m’ Tho: Colethurst.
m’‘ Tho: Iohnson.
m’ Rider.

m’ Elkington.

m’ Swinhowe.

m* Leyver.

m* Bennett.

|im* Downes. ||
Capt: Bargraue.

m’ Dike.

m* Taylo’.

m* Copland.

m’ Kirrell.

m’ ffogge.

m* Masterson.

m1" Rogers.

m* Boothby.

m’* Woodnorth.

m’ Dent.

m’‘ Darnelly.
aRenistene ||m’ Woodall|].
with diuers others. [231]

The Court held the first of this present Moneth beinge read there was
obserued an omission in the entry of my Lord Cauendishes report of
part of my Lord Treasurors speach at Counsell Table touchinge m'
Alderman Johnson namely that after the Lord Treasuror had giuen a
verie Hono™ testimony before the Lord¢ of the good carriage of the
buissines of the Plantation for these fower yeares last past, (whereby
his lp: said it had thriuen and prospered beyound beleife and almost
miraculously) The Lord Trer added further that in the former yeares
when Alderm: Iohnson was Deputy and the buissines was in other
hand¢ itwas carried leaudly, so that if they should be called to called

320 - _ RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

to an account for it their estat€ could not aunsweare it w™ worde
diuers eoutd ||did|| well remember they heard that my Lord Treasuror
spake them at that time and earnestly desired they might not be
omitted.’

Vpon this m" Caninge said, that if that ofiission were added, he praid
it might likewise be remembred that 8‘ Edwin Sandys was an assist -
ant to St Thomas Smith, ||in those tymes|| and that nothinge was
donne without him.

S* Edwin Sandys ||replyed|| that true it was he was often times ioyned
with S* Thomas Smith by the appointment of the Court€ in many
waightie buissines concerninge the Plantation; wherein he gaue his
faithfull aduise and Counsell: But said withall it was as true that
comonly what was then donne in Terme times duringe his aboad in
Towne was for the most part vndonn againe in the vacations when he
was absent out of Towne.

At length m* Deputy beinge earnestly called vpon by diuers put it to
the question, whither they would haue that omission touchinge m’
Alderman Iohnson added in his due place in the former Court It was
by plurality of hand¢€ ordered that that omission should be added
accordingly as they were spoken by the Lord Tar and reported by
the Lord Cauendish.

M’ Binge likewise took exception at the settinge downe of some worde
in the said Court touchinge him; affirminge that he did not saye at
Counsell Table that the Plantation should be taken from them, for
these word¢ he said were spoken in another place.

Wherevpon for that it was not certammeiy remembred whither they
were spoken by m’ Binge or noe at Counsell Table the Court caused
[232] them to be strooke out.

M’* Wolstenholme also tooke exception to the aforesaid Court sayinge
that 8‘ Iohn Wolstenholmes Proposition at Counsell Table was not
rightly related, for that he made it there with some abatement of the
Custome.

'The rough draft and original copy of this order are referred to in List of Records, Nos. 421 and
422, Vol. I, page 166, ante. There are a few changes in the order.

2 ASN \.
+ WES /!_
Peee hh.
SF 8 Se
PS Sse Se ee
Y - nif

fet BGP ip ti od le

Soca fol YF mf Py E>
Ps petal a

— Qhl MorLy Gyre wel Gfowhan or fia
ST ae ge
. c é - dle weal ote LS lp»

ie ee ,
GGA GIRO IT ES
gif 4Y i ag Li” 42
Sy? obo P§ “oleiicategl
fryer bo _s ma >
OY tf LA lO EE EA

mat i ee ee
i Loom i Sonen VIL aa .
AF Dot IP Ge uf
AD 0s oe
iA be POOP Lg iad |

—

——

a

a»

od

MARCH 7, 1623 i. 321

S' Edwin Sandys answeared that S* John Wolstenholme made this
Proposition in three seuerall places. ffirst in my Lo: Treasurors
Chamber and secondly at a Virginia Court held in this place (speak-
inge here indeed of reduceinge 20000" w 400000 weight at 12° p pound
would rise to 20000 merke) but at Counsell Table he made it other-
wise and spake not there of any abatement w™ he conceaued was donn
out of good respect and caution: because it was not fitt for 8‘ Iohn
Wolstenholme before the Lord€ to make abatement of the Kings
proffitt but rather to endeauo’ the aduancement thereof.

But diuers present in Court that were then also present at Counsell
Table affirmed that St Iobn Wolstenholme there deliuered the Propo-
sition, as 8‘ Edwin Sandys had reported it, and as it was sett downe:
And so the Court seeminge well satisfied, and no man makinge any
further obiecéon m* Deputy was desired to put the said Court to the
Question; (w™ those former words beinge strooke out) was in all
other pointe confirmed to be truely sett downe by a generall erecéon
of hande.

After this the Lord Cauendish acquainted the Court with an order he
receaued from the Lord@ of the Counsell concerninge the bringing in
of all their good¢ and Coffiodities ||the Copie wherof|| doth here fol-
lowe (vizt)

At Whitehall the 4 of March
1622 in the afternoone.
Present?

Lo: Treasuror. m’ Treasuror.
Lo: President. m’ Controller.
Lo: Marshall. m’ Secré Caluert.
| Lo: Brooke. || m Chancello* of the Eschequo".
Lo: Chichester. M’ of the Rolle.

Whereas by an order of the Bourd dated the 24 of October i621 it was vpon
diuers waightie and iust consideratons vpon full hearinge of the Vndertakers
of Virginia ordered that no Tobacco or other marchandize be transported out

1This order is entered in the Privy Council Register, James 1, Vol. V, page 618. See List of
Records, No. 416, Vol. I, page 165, ante.

16456—voL. 2—06——21

322 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

of any of the Plantations of Virginia into any forraigne [233] parte vntill the
same should be first landed here in England, and his Ma“ Customes paid there-
fore: Their Mp* hauinge bin informed that notwithstandinge the same order,
there haue verie lately certaine Shipps laden with Tobacco both from Virginia
and the Suffer Iland€ bin conveyed into forraigne part€ without euer landinge
here: The Bourd hath thought fitt to renewe the said order, as well for Vir-
ginia as the Sufier Iland€: and withall to enioyne the Gouernors Officers and
all other perticuler Members of both those Companies who may any waye be
enteressed therein, to giue order, as well to prevent the like fault hereafter as
to redeeme that already cofiitted by procuringe the said Shipps to returne
hither, vpon those penalties that the refractories and Contemners of the
authority of the Bourd may expect: And the Gouernors and Officers of the
said Companies, are to take notice hereof and to publish it in their Courte
respectiuely and to looke that it be executed accordingly
Ex" W: Beacher]

W" beinge read m’ Deputy signified that this Proposition of bring-
inge in all their Cofiodities was made vnto the Virginia Company by
their Ttp* neare about 18 Moneths since Wherevpon the Companie
made an Aunsweare contayninge diuers reasons both of the impossi-
bility to performe it and also the great inconvenience w™ would followe
to the Plantaéon in case they should be compelled to bringe all their
Tobacco in hither: But their tt’ further pressinge them they made
a second remonstrance to their tt” wherein they made an humble
protestaéon that out of their bounden duety to God and his Ma“ they
might not agree therevnto, wherevpon hauinge not heard any thinge
more since that time ||m'‘|| Deputy said he conceaued their Ttp* had
rested satisfied w™ the reasons then presented vnto them; That this
should be nowe againe by so strict a comaund reviued, he could not
coniecture whence it arose except it were from some of the late
Opposers of the Contract diuers of whome (as is well knowne) did in
my Lo Treasurors Chamber professe that their desire was all should
be brought in, and it was there also by m’ Wrote confidently affirmed
that it was the desire of the Planters in Virginia to bringe in all, and
that they had to that purpose petiéoned to the Kinge, but they said
their petigéon was concealed and neuer deliuered.

S* Edwin Sandys said that this Proposition had heretofore bin often
times debated in priuate with my Lord Treasuror vnto whome the

MARCH 7, 1623 - * 323

Impossibility of bringinge in all was apparantly shewed in respect the
Coffiodities in Virginia had three seuerall sort€ of Owners vizt first
the Companie, Secondly pticuler Hundred¢ ||belonging to Aduenturers
here|| Thirdly priuate Planters there residinge, ouer w™ two later
sorte the Companie had noe [284] power |lat all|| to restraine them by
lawe, and diuers of them hauinge Shippes of their owne, it was not
in the Companies power to prevent them to carry their good¢ whither.
they please.

But yet it was signified vnto my Lord Treasuror, that such a moderate
and faire course might be taken as to induce them all willingly to
bringe in their Comodities, namely if his Ma“ would be so graceously
pleased to affoord them the like priuiledges and fauo’ as the Kinge of
Spayne doth to his Collonies in the West Indies (vizt) that what
Comodities the Plantations shalbe able to serue this Kingdome with
may be prohibited from beinge brought in te ||from|| forraigne parte
and without such a qualificaton he said his opinion was the bringinge
in of all Cofiodities was a Proposition extreamely preiudiciall to the
Plantaéons.

Wherevpon the Court entred into a serious consideraéon of this Prop-
osition, and hauinge caused the former Aunsweares to be distinctly
read and hauinge alsoe waighed and considered of them well, and
diuers other waightie reasons beinge newly alledged after longe and
mature deliberaéon, it was resolued by the Court to present an humble
aunsweare to their tt” declaringe the impossibilities and inconveniences
that would acrewe vnto the Plantaéons by this Proposition: Where-
vpon although it was by some propounded that it might be referred to
the preparaéon of a Cofiittee, yet the Court thought it vnecessarie to
loose time in so plaine a case, and therevpon 8S" Edwin Sandys and
m’ Christofer Brooke were by the Court desired, takinge both the
reasons that had bin formerly presented to their Il” by the Companie
together with those that were nowe newly alledged into their consid -
eracon, to drawe vp a Breife Aunsweare, w™ in reguard the matter was
so well prepared and digested to their hand€ was conceaued might be
donn duringe the sittinge of the Court: Wherevpon they withdrewe
themselues and the Court was continued by erecéon of hand¢ so longe
as need should require.

324 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M’ Binge moued for a Coppie of the Petiéon that was put vp against
him at the last Quarter Court for Virginia: wherevnto some replied
the Court had made no entry thereof, in respect it had no name there-
vnto: But m‘ Binge still earnestly pressing for a Coppie the Seere-
tary was willed to fetch the originall [235] W™ beinge brought in was
read and demaund made, whither en¥ ||they|| would acknowledge the
said writinge to haue bin put in by him, but none tooke it vpon him-
selfe in pticuler: but in generall the whole Court seemed to beare
Wittnesse to the trueth thereof, and in pticular one hono”’ and noble
person that had in the Quarter Court spake verie earnestly against it,
nowe said, he did it out of loue to m™ Binge esteeminge it so true that
if the Court had entred into examinaéon thereof, they could not haue
donn lesse then was there required, and diuers others openly affirmed
that at the Quarter Court when it was first exhibited, they conceaued
it verie true and fitt for the Court to haue proceeded in it, but onely
in reguard there wanted the Authors name that should haue bin sub-
scribed therevnto, wherefore they then rather gaue waye to lett a good
thinge passe and sleepe then to giue a President of such an incon-
venience as might arise by takinge accusaGons w“out knowledge of
the Authors.

Herevpon it was by diuers moued that since m' Binge had so much
misconstrued and traduced the Companies proceedinggé in this pointe,
as to charge them with iniustice and wronge for reading of it,
whereas he rather should have acknowledged their moderaéon and
speaciall fauo’ to him in not proceedinge thereon, that therefore the
ground of the Companies refusall might stand cleared: It was desired
that it might be put to the question whither the Companie did not
thinke the materiall part¢ of the said writinge to be true w™ moéon
was generally well liked and so without any consideraéon of his
demeano’ since that time, it beinge put to the question whither the
Companies did conceaue that writinge at the time it was exhibited
in the Quarter Court, to be in substance and in the material! pointe of
it true, for those things alledged against m™ Wrete Binge and m’
Woodall it was by a generall erecGon of hand¢ onely three dissent-
inge, adiudged that the writinge was in substance true at the time it
was exhibited.

MARCH 7, 1623 325

M’ Binge likewise moued that he might haue a Coppie of that w™ the
Lord Cauendish had reported that he had spoken at the Counsell
Table: Wherevpon m* Deputy put it to the Question and by a gen-
erall erec@on of handeé it was ordered that the Secré should giue him
a Coppie.

S* Edwin Sandys and m" Xper Brooke brought in an Aunsw’ drawne -
vp accordinge to the head€ giuen w™ was as followeth. [236]

The humble Aunsweare of the Companies for Virginia and the Sufier
Hands to the right Hono”® the Lords and others of his Ma“ most
Hono?” Priuy Counsell touchinge their ff* Proposiéon and Comaund
for the Importinge of Tobacco and all other marchandize from the said
Plantations into England.

May it please yo" Lo™

The Companies holdinge it their dueties to obserue yo" Lp’ coffiaunde will
proceed accordingly to the best of their powers.

Notwithstandinge in reguard of some Impossibilities on their parte to put the
same in full and effectuall execudon, and in reguard also of the great detri-
ment w™ in their vnderstanding€ would redound thereby to the Plantations
they hold it also their dueties humblie to offer to yo" L?* graue consideraéons
the perticulers ensuinge.

ffirst they beseech yo" L”* to consider that these Companies beinge not as
Companies of Merchaunt¢€ for the menaginge of Trade but for y°® transporting
and setlinge of people in those vnhabited Territories vnder good gouerment
and consequently for the enlargement of his Ma* Dominions, haue noe power
to dispose of his Ma” Subiect¢ planted in those part¢ either for their persons
good¢ or possessions, otherwise then accordinge to his Ma“ Letters Patenté
and the Lawes of this Realme of w™ they and their posterities inhabitinge in
those Plantations are by expresse word¢ foreuer made free and natural! Sub-
iects: Of some of w Letters Patent€ the verie originalls, and of other some
authenticall Coppies haue bin transmitted vnto the Plantations and are there
remayninge with them: So that the power of the Companies cannot extend to
the infringinge of any liberty or freedome graunted by his Ma“* to his Sub-
iect€ placed or to be placed in the said Plantations.

Secondly yo" ll may be pleased to be aduertised that the Companies by
expresse word¢ in his Ma™ Letters Patents are equalled in their priuiledges

326

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

and liberties ifunities to any other Companie or Corporaéon for trade or
discouery and it is well knowne that both the Muscouy and sundrie other
Companies haue alwaies enioyed the liberty of carryinge their CoMfiodities to
the best market¢ at their pleasures and haue vsed the same accordingly.

Thirdly these Companies haue graunted diuers Subpatent¢ with the same lib-
erties and priuiledges as they themselues enioye whereby the Patentees haue
bin induced to goe ouer in pson to those Plantations (sundrie of them beinge
of noble and worthie ffamilies) and to expend some of them great Soffies and
others their whole estat€ in the said Plantacons [237] And it is not nowe in the
Companies power to revoake or restraine their former Graunts.

And they conceaue that the bare attempt thereof would be a great dishart-
ninge of all present and future Aduentures.

Nowe touchinge the daffiage and inconveniences w™ would ensue from hence
to the Plantations they humbly beseech yo" I] to take also into yo" fauour-
able consideragon these other pticulers.

Many Coffiodities do nowe begin and are like to arise in Virginia w™ by rea-
son of the charge of fraight, by the greatnes of distance will not be vindible
in England at any savinge price as namely ffish Caueary, Pipestaues, Quanti-
ties of Sassafras Salt and the meaner sort of Tobacco w™ in other forraigne
part€ may yeald some reasonable proflitt, but beinge brought hither will hardly
discharge the Customes: ffor it is to be considered that after 5 or 6 yeares his
Ma" is to haue custome for all marchandize in Virginia it selfe, then to pay
here a second custome and afterward¢ a Third in forraigne part€ whither these
Cofhodities must of necessity be exported will proue insupportable and to the
great hinderance and decaye of the Plantatons.

Yo™ tf may be pleased also to vnderstand that besid€ that sundrie of the
Inhabitants there haue Shipps of their owne, the Shipps w™ carry Passengers
thither from hence do trade with them also and barter their Comodities most
of w™ Shipps afterward¢€ proceed on other voyages and returne not directly
for England w if they were forced so to doe they neither would transport
thither Passengers nor barter Cofiiodities.

They haue begun a Trade from Ireland to Virginia whereby the Collony is
supplied from thence with Cattle and other necessaries at a much cheaper rate
and they haue passed their Contract€ to repay them in Tobacco w™ if they
shalbe compelled to bringe ||first|| into England the Trade with Ireland is like

to perish in the verie begifiinge to the exceedinge preiudice of the Colony

MARCH 7, 1628 enemies’ 327

whose want€ we knowe not howe to Supplie but by these and the like meanes
our Stock¢€ beinge viterly spent and exhausted.

Lastly yo" llp* may be pleased to be aduertized that by his Ma“ Letters Patent¢
wee are expressly restrained from concludinge of any thinge touchinge the
setlinge of Trade otherwise then in o" §fower§ great Quarter Court€ to be
held in the fower termes.

Neuertheles in the meane time wee shall doe our best endeauo™ for holdinge
of the Trade so much as may be to this Realme w™ wee suppose can by no
ether meanes be so well effected as by the continuance first of his Ma“ |great|
grace and next of yor Il’* accustomed fauo’ to the Plantaéons.

W beinge deliberately read the Court did by a generall erecéon of
handé ratifie and well approue thereof and desired the Lo: Cauendish
and y® Lo: Padgett and St Edw: Sackuill to present the same to their
Tt in the name of the Companies. [238]

These Shares followinge beinge propounded at the last Court and no
man nowe takinge exception were admitted vizt.

# ||M"|| Henry Sandys who had 5 Shares assigned vnto him by his
ffather S* Edwin Sandys.

ffrauncis Bickely and Robert Alden who had one share a peece assigned
vnto them by Tho: Viner.

There were nowe also propounded the passinge of these Shares fol-
lowinge.

One share to Richard Middleton by Iohn Budge.
Two Shares by ||to|| Richard Biggs of London Haberdasher by
William Grosan.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

At A CourRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA
ON WEDENSDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE

S‘ Io Brooke.

S* Edw: Sandys.
Collo: Ogle.

S* Io: Dauers.

S’ Edw: Horwood.
m’ Nicho: ffarrar Dpt.
m’* Geo: Garrett.
m’ Jo ffarrar.

m’* Tomlins.

m’ White.

m’ Wilmer.

m’ Robert Smith.
m’ Berblocke.

m’ Meuerell.

m’ Ditchfeild.

m’ Rich: Bennett.
m’ Bland.

m’ Procter.

\|m* Barbor.||

PRESENT

Right Hono™ Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Padgett.

m’ Paulavicine.
mn’ Caswell.

m* Copland.

m’ Balmford.

m’ Thaire.

Capt Bargraue.

m* Wheatly.

m’* Wiseman.

m’ Addison.

m’ Rogers.

m* Ley.

m’* Geo Smith.

m’ Kirby.

m' Tho: Shippard.
m’ Baker.’

m’ Swayne.

m’ Widdowes.

m’* Swinhowe.

m’ Stone.

mn’ ffra: Waterhowse.

THE 197 or Maron i622

m'’ Newport.
m’ Hackett.

m’* Tatam.

m’ Hobbs.

m’ ffarley.

m’* Edwards.
m’ Hurd.

m* Buckeridge.
m’ Sheldon.
m* Robert.

m'’ Seaward.
m’ fadwin.

m’ Io Hitch.
m'* Browne.

m* Birkett.

m’ Cuffe.

m’ Norwood.
m’ Edw: Waterhowse.
m’ Dike.

m’ Pollard.

m’ ffaucett.
with diuers others.

The Court held the seauenth of March was nowe read, whereat no
man takinge exception after some pause, m’ Deputy put it to the ques-

1 Written over the word “Birkett’’ by Ed. Collingwood.

MARCH 19, 1623 . mer ' » 329

tion, whither the Companie conceaued that Court in effect and sub-
stance to be rightly sett downe: Wherevpon it was by a generall
erecéon of hand€ (no one dissentinge) approued to be rightly sett
downe. [239]

This donne the Lo Cauendish acquainted the Companie with what had
passed the last Tuesday morninge before the Tf¢. of the Counsell
touchinge m™ Binge who for his sundrie misdeameno”™ and insolent
speeches vsed not onely concerninge the Ea: of Southampton a Mem-
ber of that Bourd but also of a higher consequence was committed to
the Marshalseas and before his deliuery from thence is to giue the
said Ea: fittinge satisfacton as may appeare by their 1]°* order.

This ended the Lord¢€ havinge promised to fall into the buissines of
the Contract it was growne so late as their Tt” deferred it till the
Afternoone where the Companie beinge againe present, the Lord
Treasuror thought fitt, because there were but a Thynne Counsell (as
then) to deferr the hearinge till the next ffriday morninge, but his
Ip: said that hauinge moued the Lo: Treasuror and m* Chauncello’
of the Exchequo’ that the Opplljosers||’ against the Contract might
put their proposiéon in writinge as the Companie intended to sett
downe theirs, the Lord Tfer answeared, that that was not the ques-
tion for the Kinge did not in this Contract respect his owne proffitt,
ea-the¥ ||somuch as he|| did the good of the Plantations: And there-
fore seeinge it had bin alledged that the bargaine concluded on was
but comparatiuely good; his lp: wished if a better way could be found
out for the good of the Companie and Colony, that might be thougkt
vpon and propounded at the next meetinge.

To w™ end his Ip: said he caused this Court to be called and warning
thereof to be giuen to all those that opposed the Contract although he
could see but fewe of them nowe present But his Ip: said, that since
the Lorde had so nobly made profession of their duet¥ ||desire|| and
willingnes in fauo’ of the Plantations to yeald to an easier bargaine,
he thought fitt nowe that the Court should enter into a present and
serious consideraéon howe that might be accomplished.

1 Written over ‘‘Oppugners.”

330 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Wherevpon it was moued that those that haue so maynely oppugned
the Contract, would please to acquaint the Court (as were fitt) what
newe Proposition they had to present that might be of greater ease
and benifitt vnto the Companie and Colony to the end it might be
nowe considered of and debated, and in fine brought to some resolu-
éon what should be fitt to moue to the Lorde (but there was no man
although it were longe expected, that offered any newe Proposition)
and diuers of the Companie, declared their opinions to be that the
Court€ should make most vse of this noble fauo’ of the Lorde, by
seeking rather to make the Contract lighter in some point€ then by
attempting any newe waye, w™ course the whole Court generally
assented vnto. [240]

S* Edwin Sandys moued them to take the seuerall part¢ of the Con-
tract into consideraéon and to reexamine what goode or euill each
mayne branch conteyned, and to confirme that w™ shall appeare to be
to the benifitt and aduantage of the Plantations and desire a levia-
éon in that w™ shalbe hard or preiudiciall W°" manner and order the
Court exceedingly approued and accordingly proceeded first therefore
it was considered and argued whither the sole Importaéon of Tobacco
vizt That none should be brought but from the Plantaéons (w™ S'
Edwin Sandys said was the foundaéon of the contract) together with
the inhibitinge the plantinge thereof in England and Ireland were
absolutely necessarie: This proposiéon of sole Importaéon was after
much debate and examinaéon found to be so absolutely necessarie for
the Companies as thereon depended the verie life and subsistence of
the Plantaéons. Wherevpon it beinge put to the question it was by
a generall erecéon of hand€ (no one dissentinge) agreed vnto and
adiudged that the sole Importaéon was absolutely necessarie for the
mayntenance of the Plantaéons and that no preiudice nor dafage
could be greater to the Plantaéons, then to be depriued thereof.

Secondly S' Edwin Sandys propounded to the consideraéon of the
Court the Couenant of beinge tyed to bringe in a certaine quantity of
Spanish Tobacco w™ was by diuers said to be the hardest part and
article in the whole Contract diuers estimatinge it to be to the preiu-
dice of at least 40000" eight p Annfi to the Plantations in reguard

MARCH 19, 16023 =| 331

that whatsoeuer the Spanish Tobacco did arise to was taken awaye
from the Plantations: Wherevpon it was generally desired that his
Ma and the Lord¢€ might be peti@oned, that the Companies might be
freed from this condiGon, yet withall diuers of the Court professed,
that since by the Contract it was to be but for two yeares, and without
the Contract it would perhapps be for ever, that therefore it might -
withall be declared vnto the Lorde that if so be their 11” should not
thinke fitt for some higher reasons then their Court€ could conceaue,
to graunt this desire, the Companies did not desire to breake the Con-
tract although it were ioyned with this burden: Wherevpon S' Edwin
Sandys made the Proposition that followeth, That whereas by the
Contract they are tyed by Couenant to bringe in—80000—waight of
Spanish Tobacco in the first two or three yeares, whither they did not
thinke fitt [241] it be signified to the Lorde of the Counsell that they
do not vary from that agreement: But if it shall please their L? to
mediate with his Ma“ so farr in fauo' of the PlantaG@ons and §as§ that
the Contract may be discharged of that couenant either in whole or in
part, thet they ||shall|| take it for an extraordinary fauo’, and be a
very great encouragement both to Aduenturers and Planters: This
Proposition beinge likewise well approued was put to the question and
by a generall erecéon of hand¢ (no one dissentinge) desired the Lorde
might be earnestly moued to that effect as was proposed.

Thirdly 8‘ Edwin Sandys proposed to the consideraéon of the Com-
panie, what retribuéon they would giue to the Kinge in case his Ma“
should graunt vnto them the benifitt of sole Importaéon and discharge
the Contract of the said Couenant of bringinge in —80000 waight of
Spanish Tobacco for without a Retribuéon there was litle hope or
reason to expect so great a fauo’ of his Ma“. Touchinge w™ he proposed
whither it were not fitt to desire of his Ma‘ and their Il”* that they
would please to accept of a fourth part of their Tobacco as was at first
offered to the Lord Treasuror and that this retribuéon might be taken
in Specie that is to saye in the Comodity of Tobacco rather then in
money: This proposiéon was well approued of and beinge put to the
question it was by a generall erecéon of hand€ (noe one dissentinge)
desired it might be soe proposed to the Lorde.

332 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

ffourthly whereas the Customers (as was informed by diuers of those
that opposed the Contract) haue offred in fauo’ of the Plantations (as
is pretended) to make abatement of 3° Custome whereby they shall
onely paye but 3° p pound w™ the Companies notwithstandinge do
finde to be more then by lawe is due vnto them, (they beinge by their
Letters Patents to pay but only 5" p Centi) It was therefore moued
that this alleviaéon likewise in pointe of payment, might be humbly
peticoned of the Lorde, and that it beinge obtained it might accord-
inghtly be inserted in the Articles of the Contract, but if the Cus-
tomers shall not be willinge herevnto, then to beseech thier 1l”* that
the Companie may be pmitted to take the benifitt of the lawe in defence
of the priuiledges of their Patent, whereby his Ma‘ also shall receaue
much ease in his Third part, This Proposition was well approued of
and by a generall erecéon of hand€ no one dissentinge ordered it
should accordingly be humbly offred to the Lorde. [242]

ffiftly it beinge taken into consideraéon whither it were fitt to moue
the Lorde for mitigaéon of the fraight for his Ma” part as he desired:
It was generally conceaued fitt to passe it ouer and onely menéon it
as an inducement to their other request€ seinge the Companies cannot
saue much thereby and yet the Supposiéon that the Kinge should loose
much might be an impediment to their other desires.

\|6.{| That whereas by the Contract the Companies are to haue a sole
sale, S' Edwin Sandys propounded whither they did desire to haue a
sole sale rather then to leaue it free for euery man to take out his two
Third¢, and leaue the Kinge his Third, considering if this generall
liberty of a free sale should be graunted, both the generall sale would
be much hindred and the Kings Third would hardly be sold at all:
This Proposition after some deliberaéon was put to the question and
by a generall erecéon of hand@ (no one dissentinge) the Companie
agreed to insist vpon a sole sale, and ordered that their approbaGon
of a sole sale should accordingly be signified vnto the Lorde.

Seauenthly S' Edwin Sandys offered vnto the consideraéon of the
Companie whither they did not thinke fitt it be propounded to the
Lord¢ in fauo’ of the poore Planters: That whereas by the Contract

MARCH 19, 1623 ws 333

they are to Account for his Ma“ part euery halfe yeare; they hauinge
bin informed that the Lord Treasuror wilbe pleased for reliefe of the
Planters, that the payment be made but once a yeare at the yeares
end to shewe that if it shall please their llp* to graunt this fauo’, they
shall haue the better meanes to releiue the poore Planters as is desired
it was by a generall erecéon of hand¢ denied (§no§ one dissenting)
desired the Lord€ might be moued herevnto.

Lastly it was propounded to the consideracon and iudgement of the
Court, that in case before the Lord¢€ of the Counsell the Opposers
should make some Proposition for the abatement of the Custome and
Imposiéon, vpon condiéon the Companies yeald to bringe in all their
Tobacco and there be left a free Importaéon from other places; whither
the Companie did conceaue their estate bettered in this #++his manner
more then it was by the Contract, After longe and much debate, it
beinge in the end put to the question, it was by a generall erecéon of
hand@ (noe one dissentinge) adiudged that these two condiéons pro-
pounded vizt that the Companie should be bound to bringe in all, and
yet a freedome graunted to bringe in from other part€ would vtterly

ruine and ouerthrowe the Plantations and that [243] although the
charges were brought downe to Six pence yet the damage would be
farr greater then the ease.

Accordinge to these seuerall head proposed and agreed on the Co™
earnestly desired the

Lo: Cauendish - §' Iohn Dauers
S' Edw: Sackuill = 2 Deputies &
Collo:Ogle ~.- « - m' White

S' Rob: Killigrewe

or any fower of them would please to drawe vp a Remonstrance of
their said humble Proposition and Petiéon to the Lorde of the Priuy
Counsell and present the same vnto their Ilp* in the name of the
Companie.

A moéon beinge made for a Coffiission for a Shippe w™ m’ Barbo' sette
out for discouery and a fishinge voyage, The Court ordered a Cofis-
sion to be drawne vp to that purpose and to be sealed.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

At A Court HELD FOR VIRGINIA
oN MonpDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE

THE 24™ or MarcH i622

PRESENT

Right Hono™ Lo: Cauendish.

m’ Iohn ffarrar.

m’* Deputy.

m’ Alder: Johnson.
m’ Gibbs.

m' Phesaunt.

mn’ Scott.

m‘ Caninge.

m’ Dike.

E

Capt: Bargraue.

m* Moorer.

m’ Bland.

m’ Barbo’.

m’* Mellinge.

m* Downes.

m’ Rogers ||Senier'||.

S' Io: Brooke.

8S’ Edwin Sandys.
8S’ Io: Dauers.

S' Nath: Rich.

S' Tho: Wroth.

S* Edw: Horwood.
Collo: Ogle.

S* Sam: Argall.

m’ Roberte.
mn’ Sheppard.
m’* Balmford.
m* Copland.
m’ Swinhowe.
m’ Viner.
m’™ Geo Robbins.
m’ Edw: Waterhowse.
m' Kirby. =
m’ Woodall.
m’ Geo Smith.
m’ Meuerell.
m‘ Gough.
m’ Nicholle.
m’ Rider.
m* Hardinge.
1 Written over the word ‘‘Iun.”

m™ Webb.

m’ Ley.

m’ Cuffe.

\|m? Bolton. |]
m’ ffotheringill.
m’ Hobbs.

m’ Sparrowe.
m’ Paulson.

m’ Briggs.

m’ Joseph Man.
m* Myron.

m’* Woodnorth.
m’ Sheldon.

m’ Haske.

m’ Etheridge.
m’ Leuer.

MARCH 24, 1623 — 335

m* Caswell. m’ Edwarde. m’ ffelgate.
m’ White. m’ Sherwin. mm’ Iadwin.
m’ Barnard. m’ Wiseman.
|| Pat || m’ Carles.
with diuers others.

[244]

The Lo: Cauendish signified that whereas at the last Court the Com-
panie tooke into their consideragons certaine Propositions w™ after
deliberaéon they agreed should be moued vnto the Lord¢ of the
Counsell and therevpon the Court appointed a Comittee to drawe
the same vp in writinge and present it to their ll" Accordingly the
said Comittee proceeded and himselfe with diuers others presented it
vnto the Lorde beinge this w™ followeth together with the Remon-
strance formerly ordered to be deliuered vnto the Lord¢ touchinge the
Impossibility and great damage that would arise vnto the Plantation,
by beinge bound to bringe in all. To the first writinge 8S‘ Nathaniell
Rich made replie vnto some part€ thereof and withall offered a Pap
of Obiecéons against the Contract: In the end after a long debate and
many contestaéons, aswell concerninge that as other buissines they
were willed to withdrawe themselues, and within a while after the
Customers beinge first called in some of the Companies also were
called in, and the Lo: Treasuror signified vnto them that himselfe and
the rest of the tts were resolued to acquaint his Ma“ with the matter,
but for themselues hey declared their opinion to deeHe incline,
that the Companies should rather paye money as 8S" Natha: Rich and
the rest desired: As for the Kings part the Lord Treasuror said, there
was no abatement to be expected, but for the Customers they were
contented for the present to ||loose|| 3° of their 6’. So that the pay—
ment for the Tobacco at present should be but ix*.
To the right Honorable the Lords
and others of his Ma“** most Hono”
Privy Counsell.
The humble petiton and Proposition of the
Companies for Virginia and Sumer Hand¢.
We haue vnderstood from yo’ 1l* that notwithstandinge the Contract touch-
inge Tobacco concluded with his Ma"*, It hath pleased him of his great grace

336

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

and care of the Plantations to offer vnto the Companies a free deliberagon of
some greater ease and benifitt, for the encouragement and advancement of the
Companies and Collonies, w™ it hath pleased also yo" ll’* out of yo" like noble
disposigons, verie fauorably to coffiend vnto vs, and withall to require, that as-
well the Companies as the part opposite to the said Companies and Contract
should reduce into writinge and soe offer the same to yo’ Il" consideragon and
judgment. [245]

Tn thankefull acknowledgement of this his Ma“ grace and duetifull obedience
to yo" ll’* graue directon, the Court€ of the said Companies haue bin assem-
bled and the part opposite desired to be present at the same Court, that set-
tinge aside all studie of facton and contradicton wee might with the mayne
force of reason, trye out what was most behoufull for the Plantations and so
with vnanime consent present the same to yo" ll’* fauourable veiwe.

Howbeit notwithstandinge this our earnest desire the principall psons of the
said Opposites vouchsafinge not their presence; Yet diuers of the Cittizens
adheringe to their part were both present and heard at large propoundinge
their opinions and reasons: After a longe serious and peaceable deliberaton of
all the seuerall part€ of the aforesaid Contract as also of some other newe
Propositions w™ had bin made, both the Court€ with a generall and vnani-
mous consent (no one dissentinge) concluded vpon these seuerall Articles of
Proposition and Petition w™ here in all duelty] wee most humbly offer to
yo" ll’* better consideraton and fauourable acceptance if they shall appeare
so to deserue.

ffirst touchinge the sole Importaton of Tobacco to be graunted to the said
Companies together with the inhibitinge of the plantinge thereof within his
Ma“ Kingdomes of England and Ireland beinge the principall part and funda-
mentall part of the said ef-the Contract: wee conceaue that without the pfect-
inge and continuinge of this Graunt for these seauen yeares agreed on, neither
of the Plantations as nowe can possiblie subsist: The Sumer [and¢€ beinge
searce capable of that-seyle-and §any other§ Coffioditie by reason the earth
lyeth so shallowe vpon the Rocks, and the better comodities lately sett vp in
Virginia requiringe some reasonable time for their encrease and pfecton.

ffor although in former times when the quantitie of Tobacco from the Planta-
éons was smale, and that imported from other forraigne part¢ was likewise not
great, the vent of both might stand together and both the one and the other
beare an indifferent price, yet nowe the quantities of both beinge manifoldly
doubled must need€ soe ouercloye the markett€ for Sale, that without the
restrayninge thereof by a sole Importation’ ||the price thereof must need¢€

1¥or the insertion between the lines and in the margin by Collingwood, and continued by the
copyist to page 000, see Plate 00.

MARCH 2, 1628 337

fall to so vnvaluable a rate as not to defray the verie custome and other neces-
sarie charges: Secondly it being true w™ was deliuered before yo" ll*"* that
meaner sorte of Tobacco in Spaynel|=-§may be bought at this day for the
value of 64 or 124 at the most w™ happeneth by reason y° Tobacco of the West
Indies is made by the Negroes and other Slaues at a verie smale charge & con-
trariwise the Tobacco in the very Plantations themselues beinge rated by the
Planters at a much higher value, besid€ y°® custome here Some and other
charges necessary It must need¢ followe that the Spanish Tobacco wilbe here
much the cheaper and consequently ouerthrowe the Sale of that of the
Piantazon.

A third reason wee will only touch and soe leaue to yo" !]”* much deep consid-
eraton beinge y° same that moued y® lower howse in y° late assembly of Par-
liam‘ to passe a Bill to like effect for the sole Importagon, where it was made
manifest by the experience and confession of all y° Spanish m9chant¢ y* the
liberty of importinge of Spanish Tobacco, what by the price of the Tobacco it
selfe & what by the vndersale of our Natiue Coffiodities for the procuringe
thereof was tothe damage & losse vnto this Kingdome of at least 100000" sterling
by the yeare w™ el€ might be returned in Coyne & Bullion for o* said natiue
Comodities, Besid¢ it was conceaued y‘ nothinge could be more hono”” or iusti-
fiable for a State then to establish the Vent of the Subiect¢ naturall Comodity,
such as is the Tobacco growinge in the said Plantaton; before the importinge
of the like forraigne Comodities from other part€ w® could not be but to the
hurt and greivance of the Subiect w course is also held firme and setled by
sundrie provident and pollique constituéons both in § in Spaine it selfe and
many other Christian Dominions, So that the Companies most humblie beseech
first his Ma“ and then yo" 1l"*, that for the matter of sole Importation by the
said Companies there may be noalteraton from the graunt intended in the said
Contract, w they conceaue cannot be without the ruine of both the Planta-
tions hauing hitherto wrought and trafliqued vpon a wastinge ai, w they
hope by this graunt may nowe at length be renued.

And as touchinge the obligaton laid vpon the Companies by the said Contract
for the bringinge in of fowerscore thousand waight of Varinaes Tobacco in the
first two or three yeares: yo" ll” may be pleased to be advertized that vpon the
makinge of the said Proposition by the Right Hono” the Lord Treasuror, w™
not till the Treaty of the said Contract had bin on foote for a good space, the
Comiittees for the said treaty authorized by the Companies did present vnto
his lp: eight waightie reasons, against the said Proposition w™ reasons were
afterward approued by the Court, but his lp: for more important reasons as
it seemed knowne vnto himselfe insistinge still vpon the said Proposition, in
such sorte that without yealdinge therevnto the Contract could not [246] pro-
ceed: The Companies rather then to loose so benificiall a Graunt as the matter
16456—vor 2—06———-22

338

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

of sole Importation, in fine also assented vnto that Propositon Howbeit if it
may please his most Graceous Ma“ and yo" noble ll”* to discharge the Contract
of that Proposition either in whole or part they shall with all duety acknowl-
edge it for a most remarqueable fauo’: yet rather then infringe the vertue or
dissolue the body of the said Contract they do |jagaine|| vnanimously submitt
themselues to the said Proposition.

Concerninge the retribuéon to be made vnto his Ma“ by vertue of the said
Contract and in leiue of his grace, yo" llp* may also please to be aduertised
that the first offer made on the Companies behalfe to the Lord Treasuror was
only of a fourth part of all their Tobacco but his lp: by computagéon of the
quantities of Tobacco likely yearely to be brought in, conceauinge that the
said fourth part would not make vp that Revenue w™ his Ma“* had formerly
.Teceaued for that sole Importaéon, and insistinge vpon a Third part, the Com-
panies in demonstraéon of their great thankfullnes vnto his Ma” for the said
sole Importation assented to that third, neither for any thinge that they haue
yet heard from the opposite pt, see any iust cause to repent them of: Not-
withstandinge if it shall please his Ma“° out of his abundant goodnes to vouch-
safe the acceptance of their first offer of a fourth part, they shall not onely
acknowledge and publish his Ma“* said goodnes, but also studiously apply
themselues to their vtmost endeauo™ to raise to his Ma“* so large a proflitt
out of that fourth part, as may be, answearable to the expectaton of mayn-
teyninge the former Revenue.

The next considerable pointe in the Contract is |in| the matter of custome,
wherein the Companies haue yealded to paye vj* p “ for Roll Tobacco and 4°
for leafe for so much thereof as shall belonge to their pt€; Nowe forasmuch
as diuers of the Opposite pt, haue informed the Courts that the Customers are
nowe willinge in fauo’ of the Plantations to take onely 3* the pound one with
another: They are bold vpon this occasion to renue vnto yo" ]l’* remembrance
that w* formerly they haue deliuered to this Hono” Bourd vizt That by his
Ma" Letters Patent€ of foundacon of the said Plantation the Companies and
their Successors both Aduenturers and Planters are for euer discharged from
all Taxes and imposiéons to be laid by his Ma“ his heires and Successors
excepting onely the fiue p centi after the vse of Marchanté, and seinge that
6° p " for roll Tobacco and 4° for leafe expressed in the printed booke of rat¢€
was sett before there was any Tobacco in the said Plantations and there is an
order sett downe in the said booke of rat€ that for all other Comodities omitted
in the said Booke they shalbe valued by Marchant¢€ from time to time as there
shalbe occasion: The Companies did agreeably therevnto petiéon that for the
Tobacco of y° Plantaéons (beinge not of halfe the value to the Spanish Tobacco
jw*"|| was rated in that booke at Ten shilling€ Roll, and Six Shilling¢ eight
pence leafe Tobacco the (247] pound) there might be a newe and indifferent

— -—<—

MARCH 24, 1623 — 339

valuafon made by it selfe accordingly as was donn in the same Booke, for
lynnen and Wynes of the same kind¢ but of different Countries, respect
alwayes beinge had to the |true] value of the Comoditie:

Divers of yo" Il?" also may be pleased to remember that vpon his Ma™ Procla-
mation for prohibitinge the plantinge of Tobacco in this Realme the said Com-
panies beinge called before the Lord¢ then Comissioners for the Treasurie and
treated with for the payinge of 12° the pound for Roll Tobacco, and 10° for
leafe that is to say for an addigon of 6° p “ to the said former rat€: The Com-
panies in thankfull acknoweledgment of his Ma“ grace did yeald therevnto for
the terme Oly of fiue yeares; yet with this protestaton that they did yeald
onely 34 the pound for the Custome and the rest in thankfull retribuéon to his
Ma** w™ Proposition they desired might be entred in their If Record¢: The
Companies (yet |therefore| without intent to infringe the said Contract in
any thinge) most humbly beseech yo" If* that if the Customers be content to
accept of the said 3* for Custome, w™ in lawe and equity is more then their
due that the same may be accordingly ||sett|| downe in this Contract: But if
the Customers as some conceaue haue onely made this offer to drawe on the
Gustemers Companies into farr greater inconveniences, (amongst w™ the depriu-
inge them of the said sole Importaéon) then in that case they shall become
most humble Suitors vnto yo" If that with yo" If* good fauo* they may try
the validity of their Patent¢ with the said Customers, and pay them so much
as by iudgement of lawe shall fall out to be due vato them.

And |jas|| touchinge the sole sale of all Tobacco imported to be likewise man-
aged by the Companies, they havinge taken it againe into verie serious con-
sideracon do finde by all reason and experience of Marchaunt¢ that it will
greatly aduance the price of the Comodity and consequently as well that of his
Ma" part as that of the Aduenturers and Planters And as for the reasons made
by the Opposite part they conceaue them to be light and priuate, |jas|| tendinge
only to the aduantage of some fewe who either by vsurpaéon or oppressiue
courses in the Plantations or here at home by some extraordinary art and dex-
terity beinge able to ouerreach or outgoe their fellowes desire to goe single
from them in all their courses, but to the generall good (w™ the Companies
are bound to respect) they hold the contrarie Proposition to be extreamely
preiudiciall.

Lastly concerninge the poore Planters of whome the Companies haue (as they
ought) a speciall reguard yo" ll’* may please to be informed that the quantitie
of Tobacco brought home in right of their proprietie is for the most part verie
smale it beinge expended in the Plantatons amongst the Marchant¢ tradinge
thither with their seuerall necessarie Comodities But for the poore Planters
w [248] themselues came ouer in pson and need a more speedie returne then
the ordinary course of the Companies sale may perhapps afford, there haue

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

been diuers extraordinary wayes taken into consideraton and concluded on by
the Court€, too longe here to trouble yo" ll”* with the expressinge of them in
pticular beinge ready if yo" ll?" require to be shewed ynto you out of their booke.

And whereas it hath bin informed by some in the Court€ that the Lord ||Tfer|
in reliefe of the said poore Planters and for the furnishinge of them with readie
money would be content that his Ma“ part should be paid in at one payment
at the end of the yeare: They conceaue that the addiéon of this extraordinary
fauo’ will giue the Companie abundant meanes for the poore Planters reliefe
whereof the Companies shall make vse accordingly.

ffinally the said Companies with vnanimous consent in all sincerity and duety
are bold to affirme and that confidently to yo" Tf* that hauinge thus taken the
Contract assunder into his seuerall part€ and reexamined the same with their
best vnderstandinge and skill they doe not finde any iust cause of so greiuous
complaint against it, as hath bin made by those men who beinge Members of
the Companie and most of them hauinge bin present at the negotiatinge of the
said Contract and hauinge giuen their expresse consent vnto it, do nowe vpon
priuate humo’ oppose against it, valuinge their owne will€ aboue cofion con-
sent and the iust rules of gouerment: Notwithstandinge if it sball please his
Ma** and yo” Hono” Il" in tender care and fauo’ of the said Plantations to
graunt a qualificaton of the point¢€ of the Contract before expressed: both the
Companies and Plantacons shall thereby receaue a singuler encouragem*‘ to
proceed in their labourious and costly courses of bringinge the said Plantatons
to their desired pfecton and remaine euer studious by their vttermost endeauo™
to expresse their thankefulnes first to his Ma‘ and then to yo" I]”* for the same:
And howsoever the Companies vnanimously desire that the said Contract may
proceed, and be continued for these seauen yeares formerly accorded.

At A CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDENSDAY
IN ¥" AFTERNOONE Y" SECOND OF APRILL 1623.

PRESENT
Right hono™

Ea: of Warwick.” ~ ” Colonell Ogle.

Lo: Cauendish. S* Nath: Rich.

Lo: Pagett. ||S' Edw Sackuill.|| S* Sam: Argoll.

S* Io: Brooke. S* Thomas Wroth.

8S? Edw: Sandis. \|S' [Edw : ] Horwood.||

APRIL 2, 1623

Aldfan Iohnson.
Doctor Gulstone.
m’ Deputy.

m’ Io: fferrar.

m’ Edw: Johnson.
m’ Wolstenholme.
m’* Palavicine.

m* Wilmer.

Capt Nath: Butler.
m’ Bing.

m’ Palmer.

m’* Berblock.

m’ Barbor.

m’ Caninge.
m’ Scott.

m* Balmford.
m’ Addison.
m* Combe.

m* Ro: Smith.
m* Roberts.
m’ Caswell.
m* Nicholls.
m* ladwin.

m* Hobbs.

m’ Rogers.

m* Waterhouse.

\|m* Bland.||

||m? Hackett.||
\\m* Webb.||

\|m’ Wade. ||

|\m* Ryder.||

|tm* Tatam. ||

\ma* Moore[r].||
||m* Budg. ||

\|m* Southerton. ||
||ffotheringill.||

\|[m? Christ. Brooke. ||
\|\m"* Iarrett. ||

\|m* Haruey.||

\|m’ Gibbs. ||

\tm* Tomlins. ||

||D* Anthony.||

pa te eee |

\|m* Withers. ||

\|m* Bennett. ||

||" Coming-||

m’* Wiseman.
m’ Ley.

m’* Meuerell.
m’ Bull.

m’ Sheldon.
m’ Norwood.
m’* Widdowes.
m’ White.

m’ Cuff.

m’ Briggs.

||m‘ ffursnan. ||
\lm? Ditchefield.||
\|m* Copland.||
|\m* Baynham.||
\lm* Vyner.||

itm? Couell.||

|tm* Leuer.||

\|m* Coytmere.||
|lm? Hart.||

Joe Hated |

\m* Taylor.||
\1m* Goodyeare. ||
|im* Boothby. ||

||m* Wye.||
\im* Barnard.||
\|m* Collett.||

\|\m’ Edward. || lm? Ewens.|| \lm? More.||

\|m* Dounes. || \|m* Truloue.||
1m’ Seaward m* Banham m* Woddall m* Newport m* Newpert

Woodnorth m* Georg Smith m* Witherell m’ Rogers Iunior m* Perry
m’ Elkington m"* Roberte Iunior w™ divers others. ||

At’ this Court was read first the Court held the Two & twentith of
ffebruary ; w™ after some pause and noe man taking excepéon thereat,

1 At this point in the manuscript the handwriting changes to that of the unidentified copyist,
referred to above as the ‘‘first copyist.”

342 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

was putt to y® question, whither the Company conceaued the said
Court to be in effect and substance truly sett downe; It was by a
generall erecéon of hand¢ (noe one dissenting) approued to be rightly
sett downe.

Secondly there was read y® Court held the ffoure & twentith of ffeb-
ruary, whereat noe man taking excepéon, it was in like manner putt
to the question, and by a generall erec@on of hand€ (noe one dissent-
ing) approued to be rightly sett downe.

Thirdly there was read _ Court held _ rare of cepa
feHewine ||followingel|, w eats aan.
dissenting} ||by a generall eudliion of haute no one dissentinge|| was
||jatse|| confirmed to be rightly sett downe.

Lastly was read the Court held the ffoure & twentith of March, w™
alia some pause ang noe man taking excepZton was putt+te-Fe-qies-

rade ad€ ||put to the question and by a
pote. manana of handell — to be rightly sett downe see-ore

dissenting ||no one dissentingell.

After this there was read the Letter receaued by y® James from the
Gouernour and Counsell of Virginia, who desiring that their humble
thanke might be presented to his Ma“ for his gracious fauour in that
supply of Armes & Munition sent them; the performance thereof
was recomended by the Court to S* Edward Sackuill; who was also
desired vpon fitt opportunity to moue his Ma‘ for y° ffoure hundred
young persons formerly peti@oned.’

M’ Palauicine moued in m* Wrotes name for a coppy of his Sentence,
w was ordered accordingly should be giuen him by the Secretary.

S' Nathaniel] Rich said, that hauing had of late speech w™ the Lo:
Treasuror, he vnderstood from him soemuch, as he conceaued, that
if the Companies would petiéon, they might haue the Sole Importaéon
of Tobacco, w™ the excepéon onely of fforty thousand weight of
Spanish Tobacco to be brought in yearely; wherein they should haue

1This is probably the letter referred to in List of Records, No. 400, Vol. I, page 163, ante.

APRIL 2, 1628 y. 343

more fauour then any other vndertakers; He therefore moued, that
the Companies would accordingly petigon the Lord Treasuror. This
moéon was by some liked [250] and approued, who affirmed, that the
Companies hauing the graunt of bringing in the Spanish Tobaccoes
might farme it out to others and thereby gayne 1000" yea perhaps
2000" a yeare. But herevnto answere was made, that it were better .
for y° Company, that the Importaéon of Spanish Tobacco (since it
must needé be graunted) should be in Strangers handé¢ then in y® Com-
panies; who could better looke to it, & prevent the stealing in, then
they could; w could not be done by them, but by raysing a great
deale of charge for Salaryes (a thinge soemuch declaymed against)
And for the matter of Sole Importaéon, w™ the Companies had soe-
much desired, that was a totall exclusion of all forraigne Tobacco w™
the Companies sought for; But if there was a necessity, that a cer-
tayne quantity of forraigne Tobacco must be brought, it was all one
to the Plantaéons, whither it were in the Companies or others hand@;
But if soe be it could net ||not|| be procured ||from|| his Ma“® and the
Lo: Treasuror, that a Sole Importaéon of Tobacco should be graunted
to the Companies, w™ a forbidding of all others (except for some
smale quantity) and that for Two or Three yeares at y® most, and this
to be confirmed by his Ma” Lfes Pattents, and that together w™ the
abatement of Three pence in y® pound and the Companies left to their
libertie to bring in what they pleased; that were indeed a singuler
fauour vnto the Plantations, and the Companies should be highly
beholding to those Gentlemen by whose meanes it should be procured
& obteyned.

As for this moéon (as it was propounded) it was not conceaued to be
any more in substance, then that whereas there is a quantity of 40000
w* of Spanish Tobacco to be brought in, the Companies should haue
the farming of it, w" was not conceaued any such benefitt, as the
Companies should moue therefore.

But in case there were an intent to graunt a free importaéon of all
sort€ of Tobacco vnstinted, w™ in reguard, that the State had see
w' soe much prudence, reduced to the quantity of 60000 weight, was
not to be imagined the free importaéon, hauing beene found soe great

344 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

a detriment and damage vnto this kingdome: It was then generally
adiudged, that the Court ought to vse all possible meanes & dilligence
to prevent that w™ would vtterly vndoe the Plantaéons.

Wherefore S* Nathaniell Rich was desired by the Court, to bring his
Propositions well digested, & fully to informe himselfe, what fauours
they might hope to obtaine & vpon what retribuéon; for as the Prop-
osition was now made, it was not conceaued any thinge beneficiall, or
that the Companies should stirr in it.

There was presented to this Court a petiton of Captaine Iohn Martins;
wherein he declared w™ much thanke his humble acceptance of the
Pattent that was offered him |/by the Company|| although in y* matter
of rent it differed from the Earle of Southamptons. And whereas it
was signified, that Captaine Martin being by his sayd Pattent to haue
[251] his Land sett out and bounded w“in the Territories of Martin
Brandon he desired these word€ might be added, namely, in that
place whereof he was formerly possessed: And further that in the
Habendum of his sayd Pattent after the word€ Waters, Riuers, there
might be added these Two word¢ Marshes, Swamps C* w™ the Court
agreed vnto & ordered the Secré should putt them in.

And touching his Three demaund¢ in his sayd Petiéon, the Court hath
promised, first that if it shalbe found by any Court Roll, either here
in England, or in Virginia, that the first and ancient Planters should
haue ffiue hundreth acres for a share (as he supposeth), he shall haue
the same proporéon allowed him; or if any larger Pattent shalbe
graunted hereafter, he shall haue the like fauour vpon his petiéon for
y® enlargem* of his.

Touching his second request for some allowance out of y°® publiq, for
his place of Mastership of the Ordinnce, as other Officers lately gone
ouer haue had; the Court hath promised, that when the Publiq, shalbe
able to spare any men, his request shalbe taken into consideraéon.

Concerning his Third request fora Comission to the Gouernor &
Counsell of Virginia, to examine the wrongs & detriment¢ done vnto
him by S’ George Yeardley in the time of his Gouernem* since; & that

APRIL 18, 1623 345

vpon proofe thereof made, they may cause him to make restituéon ;
The Court hath ordered, that direc@on shalbe giuen by Lie to the
Gouernour & Counsell there to proceed therein accordingly as is
desired; who shalbe entreated to affoord Captaine Martin all lawfull
fauour, as to iustice shall app'taine.

The Court being moued for a Pattent for m* Roper & m’ ffitzieffories:
vndertaking to transport One hundred persons, & being to goe ouer
themselues this next Shipping to Virginia, ordered a Pattent to be
drawne vp for them against the Quarter Court.

Vpon moéon for a Comission for y° George for transporting Passen-
gers to Virginia, the Court ordered a Comission to be drawne vp.

AN EXTRAORDINARY COURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA AND THE
Sumer ILANDES ON SATTURDAY IN THE ffORENOONE
THE 12™ or AprRiLL 1623.

PRESENT

Right hono™ Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: D’ Lawar.

8S’ Edw: Sackuill. m’ Ley. m’ Edw: Waterhouse.
S* Edw: Sandis. m’ Ditchfield. m’* Swinhoe.

S* Io: Ogle. m’ Nicholls. m’ Jadwin.

8S’ Edw: Horwood. m* Wheatly. m’* Widdowes

m’ Gibbs. m' Caswell. m’ Robbins.

m’ Io: Smith. m’ Palavicine. m’* Withers.

m’* White. m* Hobbs. m’ Bennett.

m* Nich® fferrar Dpt. m" Copland. m’* Melling.

m’ fo fferrar. m’* Thaire. m’ Strange.

m’ Balmford. m* Baynham. m’* Moorewood.
m’ ffreake. m’ Scott. m’ §Iohn§ Collett
m’‘ D’ Lawne. m’ Stubbs. m’ Swaine.

m* Morgan. m’ Perry. m* Webb.

[tsmame

346 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’ Moorer. m’ Berblock. m’* Owen Arthur.
m’* Colehurst. m* Barbor. m’ Geo: Smith.
m’ Etheridge. m‘ Wolstenholme. m’' Lambe.
m’ Bland. m’ Shepherd. m* Truloue.
m’ Bing. m‘ Newport. m’ Rider.
m1" Seaward. m1’ ffra Waterhouse.
m’ Watson. m’ Tomlins.
m* Downes. m* Windham.
m’ Derge.
m’ Southerton.
m* Woodnott.
m’ Hackett.
m’ Cuff.

m’ Clarke. w®
diuers others. [252]

The Lo: Cauendish acquainted the Company, that the cause of ecall-
ing this Court at soe vnseasonable a time, was to acquaint them, how
that Alderman Iohnson together w™ some others his Associate had
presented a petigon to his Ma‘* complayning much of the misgov-
ernem‘' of the Companies and Plantaéons these Last ffoure yeares;
w to the intent it might not make any impression in his Royall
breast to y*® preiudice of the Company, his Lo” conceaued, that the
Company were to thinke of some present course, to giue his Ma
satisfacton by a true Declaraéon both of the State of the Colony, & of
the cariage of businesses here at home by the Company. But to the
intent they might proceed herein w™ greater certainty, the Court sent
some of the Company to m’ Alderman Johnson, to desire him, either
to bring or send them a copie of that petiéon, w™ he had deliuered ;
who returned answere by them, that he had noe coppy of the Petiéon,
nor did knowe of any that did keepe a coppy thereof, and that the
Petiéon was not against y° Company; w™ was likewise affirmed by
some of them who were present in Court, & had beene at the deliuery
of that petiéon; desiring the Company not to engage themselues
therein, vntill they sawe the Petiéon (professing that they intended
the good of the Plantaéon and the Company as much as any other)

’

APRIL 12, 1623 mela le 347

Wherevpon they were desired to declare what it was they had com-
playned of; & who the persons were, it being sayd by the Lo: Cauen-
dish, that if they did not finde themselues agrieued w™ the Company,
they ought not to haue complayned to his Ma”, vntill they had
acquaynted the Court w™ their grievanct, & seene what remedy by

them would haue beene applyed.

Wherevpon m’ Palavicine (being one of them that was at the deliuery
of the petiéon) sayd, that the things w™ they chiefly complayned of,
were perhaps such as the Company had beene often moued about, &
would giue noe redresse in.

Wherevpon 8S" Edward Sackuille sayd, that although Aldfan Johnson
would not send a coppy of y® petigon, yet himselfe and some others in
y® Court, could fully & certaynly informe the Company of the sub-
stance thereof. He sayd therefore, that Peti@on was in effect a com-
parison of the Gouernem*’ in former tymes w™ the latter ffower yeares,
& that in Three pointe.

ffirst that in former times, the Gouernem‘ was soe mild & moderate,
as a multitude of Aduenture™ were brought in; but now there was
much oppression and iniury offred both to Aduenture” & Planters.

Secondly that whereas formerly things were carryed quietly both here
and in y® Planta@ons; now there was nothing but contenéons & dis-
sentions to y® ruyne allmost and ouerthrowe of the Plantaéons.

Thirdly that whereas diuers excellent Comodityes were formerly sett
vp, now there was nothing but Smoke & Tobacco. Wherevpon they
desired his Ma“ that a Comission might be awarded, that these things
might be amended..

This being deliuered vpon his certen knowledge to be the substance
of y® Petiéon & confirmed by y® Lo: Cauendish, it was by a generall
erecton of hand€ conceaued, that this Petigéon and Complaint was
against the Ccmpany it selfe; and so that they accordingly ought to
iustify themselues, & to defend their proceedings against these vniust

348 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

& vntrue informaéons [253] but yet withall for y°® very issue of y*
Petiéon it selfe, the Court liked very well, and by erecéon of hande
ordered, that a Petiéon should be p'sented to his Ma“ in y® name of
the Company, to beseech his Ma“ that the Lorde of y*° Counsell might
haue y° examinacon of these things, and that their Innocency or
guiltines might be cleared or punished. And in y* meane while, fora
true informaéon of his Ma“, the Lo: Cauendish presented to y* Court
Two seuerall writings, the one being a declaraéon of the State of Vir-
ginia comparatiuely w™ what had beene done in former tymes, w™ by
order of the Earle of Southton was drawne vp by some of the Coun-
sell at Christmas Last: W“ being now read and weighed from point to
point, was w” some small alteraéons approued and confirmed by y°
Court, & ordered to be deliuered to his Ma” as their Act, being this
w™ followeth vizt.

A Declaraton of the present State of Virginia
humbly presented to the Kings most excellent
Ma“ by the Company for Virginia.

May it please your Ma**

In the end of December in y° yeare—1618—being the Twelueth yeare’ after
y° begininge of this Plantaton and after the expence of ffourskore thousand
pounds and vpwards of the Publiq, Stocke besides other Sums of voluntary
Planters ther were remayninge then in the Colony aboute Six hundred psonns
men, weomen and Children and Cattle aboute Three hundred att the moste.
And the Company was then lefte in debt neer ffive Thousand pound.

Att this time through (Gods blessinge) notw™standinge the great mortalities
w in some of these fower latter years, haue generally seized vppon all those
pts of America and besides the last ||late|| Massacre of aboute three hundred
and ffiftie personns and a great mortallytie therby occasioned by beinge dryven
from their Habitatons and pvisionns, there are remayninge as wee compute
aboue ffive and Twenty hundred psonns sent w™ the expence onely of Thirty
Thousand pounds of the publique Stock besides the charges of perticuler
Societies and Planters, And y® Cattle what by new Supplies and what by
encrease of the former provision, are multiplyed to aboue one Thousand of
beast€ Besides Goates and of Swine an infinite nomber. And the old Debt of
y° Comp*: hath been discharged.

1 The rest of this declaration is in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar’s assistant, Thomas Collett(?).

APRIL 19, 1688 0 os 349

Att y* begininge of these last 4 years y° onely Comodities of price and vppon
w*" onely a Valuagon was sett to maynteyne the Trade were Tobacco and Sax-
afras, ffor in y°® two last years before ther was no course taken for y® settinge
vpp of any other through y* pouerty of y° Comp*:

Duringe these 4 last years there hath been expended in settinge vpp of Iron
Work€ (y* Oare wherof is ther in great plenty and excellent) aboue ffive
Thousand pound¢: w™ worke beinge brought in a manner to pfecton was-
greatly interupted by the late Massacre, butt ordered to be restored againe
w™ all possible dilligence.

ffor the makinge of Wine itt is to be knowne y* the soyle there doth of itt
selfe produce Vines in greate aboundance and some of a verie good sorte,
besides dive™ Plants haue been sent thither of the better kindes of Christen-
dome.

Ther have been allso sent thither Eight Vigneroones pcured from Langue-
dock, & carefull order hath been taken for the settinge vpp of that Comoditie,
w™ wee doubt not in short time will shewe itt selfe in great plenty. And
had not the buisines been interrupted by y° Massacree err this the effect€ had
been seen, there beinge divers Vyneyeards planted in the Country wherof
some conteyned Tenn thousand Plantes.

ffor Silke the Country is full of Mulberytrees of the best kinde and generall
order taken for the plantinge of them aboundantly in all places inhabited.
True itt is that for the Silkworme seed itt hath till this last year by divers
accydents misscarryed to y® great greife of the Comp’: haveinge had large sup-
plies therof from yo" Ma*: store. Butt in September last wee have sent neer
80 ounces w™ soe extraordinary care & pvision y* wee doubt not itt will prosp
and yeild a plentifull returne ther beinge sent alisoe men skillfull to Instruct
the Planters for allthings belonginge to bringe y° Silke to pfeccon: And wee
have notice that the seed hath been received saffe and order. given for the dis-
psinge and nourishinge them through the wholl Plantagon. [254]

There have been sentt allsoe att the great charge of the Comp*: skillfull men
geured from Germanie for settinge vpp of Sawinge Mill€ and divers Ship-
wright¢€ from hence for makinge Boatesand Ships. And other for Saltworkes
and others for other Comodities, y° good effect wherof wee doubt not will
shortlie appeare.

Wee will not heer inlarge in declaringe the greate and assiduall care w™ y*
Counsell and Company w™ their principall Officers have from time to time
taken aswell in reclayminge the Colony from ouermuch followinge Tobacco
(every man beinge now stinted to a certaine proportion) as allso in settinge

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

forward those other Staple and Rich Comodities aswell by the Charges and
provisionns aforesaid as likewise by settinge vppd them a Competent valua-
ton, not Doubtinge butt that whosoever wilbe pleased to take the paines to
pvse their frequent tres, Instructons and Charters to that effect together w™
sundry printed Books made purposely and published for their help & directon
(the full veiwe wherof is phibited to no man) wilbe farr from censuringe them
for any omission. Neither may wee forbear to doe that right to y° Gouerno*

Counsell, & other principall Officers now resydinge in Virginia as not to testi-
fie their solicitous care and industry in puttinge in execuéon our desires and
direccons as appeareth by their Proclamation and other orders to be seene.

Touchinge the Gouerm' itt hath in these 4 latter years been soe reformed
accordinge to yo’ Ma” originall directons y* y® people who in former times wer
discontent and mutinous by reason of their vnassurance of all things through
want of order & ivstice live now amongst im themselvs in great peace and
tranquillytie each knowinge his owne and what hee is mutually to receaue and
pforme.

And to y°® end y‘ worthy personns may be allured to those places of Counsell &
Gouerm‘ and all occasion of Rapine and extorton be removed the Counsell &
Comp” have now att their very great charge caused to be sett vpp a Compe-
tent annuall pvision and revennue for mayntenance of y* Gouerno’ w™ other
Magistrates and Officers & pticularly of y* Mynistry accordinge to y* degree
and quallytie of each psexn place

Neither have these our cares & courses been vneffectuall but as they have
setled y° Colony there in a great content and quyett soe have they raysed here
att home soe great a fame of Virginia that not onely men of meaner estates as
att the first by necessity; but many psons of good sorte out of choyceand good
likinge have removed themselvs thither & are dayly in pvydinge to remoue.

There haue been in these 4 years graunted 44 Patents for Land to Personns
who have vndertaken each of them to transporte one hundred men att the
least: wheras in y° former Twelue year€ ther wer not aboue Six.

There have com in Tenn times more sew Adventurers in these 4 last years
then in almoste twise y‘ time before. So y* wheras in former times ther were
sometimes hardly gott Twenty to keep the Quarter Courte there are now
seldome less then two hundred and sometimes many more.

There haue been imployed in these 4 last years fforty-two saile of Ships most
of them of great burthen; wheras in 4 years before ther were not aboue Twelue.

'

APRIL 18, 1623 351

Wee may not heer omitt one extraordinary blessinge y* itt hath pleased God in
these 4 last years soe to excite y° hearts of well minded people to extend their
aide toward y*® forwardinge of this Glorious worke y‘ there hath been con-
tributed toward itt in presents to y° value of ffifteen hundred pounds by zeal-
ous and deuoute psonns most of them refusinge to be named of w™ fruite the
Picedinge years were altogether barren.

Itt cannot be denyed butt itt is to be deplored w™ much sorrow y* the bless-
inge of God appearing in the encrease and prosperitie of the Plantaton drew
on that bloody resolucon from y® Infidles & as itt is conceaued hath excited
here att home divers troublesome Oppositons by personns (itt seemeth) little
favouringe Virginia’s psperitie. But the one as wee hope wilbe sharplie
revenged, & y® other must be borne w™ patience and w™ constancie ouercom.

To conclude for y° better securinge of the Plantaton besides y° continuall
sending of multitudes of people & shippinge (wherof ther were lately aboute
Christmas last Seaventeen Sayle in lames River in Virginia) The Counsell
and Comp*: to their great charge have given order for y° erecting of a fforte
in a convenient place in the same River to keep out fforraigne Invasion till
better ptparacon be made.

And if yo" Ma”: beinge y° first founder & great Supporter of this Acton (w™
will remaine a Constant Monum* of yo’ Glorious name for ever) wilbe pleased
y' y° four hundred young & able men desyred by y° Comp*: & not denyed butt
respited may now att length be levyed in such manner as was petigoned and
sent to Virginia for y° rootinge out of those Treacherous and Barbarous Mur-
derers as also for the Supply of y* Plantaton in pts yett defective: Wee doubt
not butt in short time to yeild vnto yo" Ma” soe good and reall Account of the
fruits of our cares endeavours and labours, as may be answerable to our Duetie
and yo" Princely expectaton. [255]

The’ second writing that his Lo? shewed, was, A Relation of y* pro-
ceedings of y® Virginia and Sufier lands Companies in answere of
some Imputations laid vpon them, together with the discouery of the
groundes of such Vniust obiections, and a Remedy propounded for
auoiding the like Inconveniencies hereafter. W™ discourse his Lo” said
himselfe had drawne vp, for satisfacéon of some very Noble personage,
who vpon sinister informaéons of the Companies proceedings, seemed
to haue entertayned some hard conceipt of them. But vpon reading

1The handwriting here returns to that of the copyist referred to as the ‘‘first copyist.”’

352 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

of this discourse, they remayned very well satisfied of the fairenes &
iustnes of the Companies proceedings in those seuerall pointe; the
like effect he hoped they would worke in his Ma“*. Wherevpon the
sayd Relation (being this w™ followeth) was read, and euery seuerall
part & branch thereof being duly weighed and considered of, was by
it selfe putt to y® question, and by a generall erecé@on of hand¢ euery
branch of it was confirmed & approued as y® Act & answere of the
Company there being not aboue Three hand¢ against any one point of
it, & most of them confirmed w“out the dissenting of any one.

And it was further ordered, that these Two writings, together w™ the
petigon should be deliuered to his Ma”; And to that end were humbly
entreated the

Lo: Cauendish

Lo: Lawarr

8S’ Edw: Sackuill

S* Io: Brooke &

Collonell Ogle

to take y° first opportunity that might be, it being left vnto them-
selues to make choise of such other of the Company, as they would
should attend them.

A relation of y° late proceedinges of y® Virginia and Suffer Ilandes
Companies, in answere to some imputacons laid vpon them, together
with the discovery of y® groundes of such vniust obiecéons, and a Rem-
edy proposed for better auoyding the like inconveniencies hereafter;
Humbly presented to y° Kinges most Excellent Ma‘ by the said Com-
panies.’

May it please your Ma“**

Itt is manyfest that divers misinformations have been deliuered and those pub-
liquely to the most materiall wherof a true and iustificable answere heere
ensueth.

1 This document is in the Public Record Office, Manchester Papers, No. 360. The handwriting is
_ similar to that of the first copyist of the Court Book. List of Records, No. 462, Vol. I, page 170, ante.

* The rest of the =latio;,,is in the handwriting of Nicholas Ferrar’s assistant, referred to above as
Thomas Cel: be

APRIL 19, 1693 _ 358

The first obiection is: That some few of the Company Lead and ouersway Misleadinge.
y° Courtes, and in the perticuler buisines of y° Contract intending their

owne priuate especially in poynte of Salary, haue for y‘ cause perswaded

& mislead y° Court¢.

Itt is true that some particuler personns to their great paines charge and trouble Answere
wout hope or expectacon of proffitt have imployed their time and endeauours
in consideraéon of what might tend to the good and benifitt of both Plantacons
and that onely w™ purpose to propose and Comunicate to the Court€ their
faythfull advise: w™ is both the duety and in the power of every pticuler
member of these Societies: And that this diligence should be interpreted a
Captivatinge or misleadinge of the Courts wherin they onely cofiunicate their
opinions w™out any aforehand conclusion w™ is neither in their power nor
intentions is a verie vniust censure and a hard requitall to those psons who for
a general! good neglect so much time & so many opportunities for their owne
pryvate. [256] ffor the Suppositon y* in respect of the Salary these men
should misguide the Court€ to the preiudice of the Plantatons the meer nar-
rative of y° occasionn carryage and necessitie of that buisines wee suppose will
sufficiently cleer them.

The menaginge of the intended Contract was vppon large deliberaéon by y°
Counsell of Virginia and the Cofiittees designed for that buisines conceaued to
be so great and troublesome an imployment as would wholly take vpp the

’ Officers times and itt was by none conceaued reasonable (imposinge soe great
a burthen) to exact mens Labours, w“out a proporéonable requitall for their
paines, especially their imploym*‘ in this case beinge for the pticuler raysinge
& advantage of seuerall psonns private estates by the higher sale of this Com-
oditie, and ther was never example of men thus imployed w“out Salary, this
beinge a buisines of meer merchandize and of distinct nature from a Plantation
and the Gouerment therof. Besides itt is a guessinge vncharitable censure to
say that the Salaries were aymed att by those since elected: ffor y° Salaries
and Offices were first agreed vppon before y° personns were chosen.

And for those y* were elected to the two great Sallaries against w™ they doe
most obiect itt is certaine that both in publique and pryvate att sundry times
they vsed all possible endeauor and industry to keep themselvs from being
chosen butt the experience the Companies had of their faythfullnes and abilli-
ties made them to be chosen, and so in a manner forced them to this imploy-
ment against their will€. And though in some Quarter Court€ since their
election they have as much as in them lay surrendred their Offices yett ye
Court€ would never admitt therof, and further a Proposi¢on beinge offered
by the first principall Obiector for the managinge of the buisines with less

16456—vo1r 2—06——23

Ouerswayinge.

Answeare.

354

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

expence, itt was absolutely after a pticuler and exact examinacon refused by
the iudgment of both Court€ w™ allsoe by question deliuered their opinion that
they would trust no man in a matter of that waight that | would] offer himselfe
to vndergoe itt wout Salary or soe little as was there proposed.

And after all these obiections and clamo™ against them y° Last Quarter Court¢
vppon a longe and full debate did fully conclud and confirme y°® Offices Officers
and Salaries in y°same manner & forme as in the Qua: Courtes before they had
been agreed on.

Lastly wheras they fortifie their Clamo"™ w™ the greatnes of the Salary (vizt)
2500" p Anni that is vatrue for to all the Officers chosenn by the Companies
ther was onely allotted Seauenteen hundred pounds p Anni The other 800"
was layd by for such necessary occasions as could not be ayoyded and this
800" was in the iudgment of the §Lord$ Treasurer a proporcon rather too little
then too great: Butt out of all yo" Ma” by the Contract was to pay a third
parte, and countinge vppon the 1700" fer jof mere| Sallary yo’ Ma Third is
neer 600", and the proporéon intended to be layd on the Spanish Tobacco would
have saved 600" more: Soe y‘ the charge remayninge to the Companies would
not §have§ amounted at y® most butt to 600": and that would easily have bin
defrayed by y°® imposigon of a penny the pound of Tobacco: And yett this
small charge muste not be vnderstood to be laid by the Companies duringe the
wholl seaven years of the Contract butt onely for one yeare beinge of all other
y° moste difficult; Soe that if they had found itt too heavy they might for y°
next year have altered their course, and eased their charge if they found it
either possible or convenyent.

2 The Second obiection is §y* y®° Court€ are§ ouerswayed, and perticularly
were soe in this buisines of y° Contract by informinge y* Courtes y* itt
was prest vppon them by y° Kinge. [257]

Itt is a strange boldnes for any especially beinge of our Company and know-
inge y® peeedings therof yett to be soe ouerbold as to affirme a thinge so
manyfestly false for itt hath been divers times profest in Court€ by sundry
Cittizens that they neuer in any Society whersoeuer they had been, found that
liberty of Speech and vote or the Court€ carryed w® that moderaéon and
Temper as these of Virginia and the Summer Lands.

Moreouer the Companies are soe assured of the falsitie of this seandall that
itt was one of the principall causes why m™ Wrote who was the first that layde
y* imputation vppon the Court€ was censured:

Besides in the Quarter Courte the firste of ffebruary ther beinge present aboue
two hundred personns, somethinge that had been spoken by S* Henry Mild-

APRIL 1%, 1688 ©. °: — 355

may caused the Courte to beleive that yo" Ma”: had been abused by this
reporte therfore itt was then putt to the question, wheither the Court€ were
ouerawed or had not soe much liberty of speach as they desyred itt was by a
generall erecton of hands (no one dissentinge) denyed.

And after in the Courts of the 5" of March vppon occasion that by some, the
day before att the Counsell Table itt was sayd y* men were ouerawed to giue
their consent for the Contract, itt was againe putt to the question, and by a
generall erecZon of hands no one dissentinge denyed as before, and also further
affirmed that this matter was carryed fayrly, and by strength onely of reason
appearinge to the Court€ and not otherwise.

The Contract in respect of importaton from the Plantatons onely was ever
propounded to the Court asa matter of great grace and favour from yo’ Ma”:
And in the treaty aboute itt w™ the Lord Treasurer, who was y° first proposer
of itt when the retribuéon of a third was by him vrged as allso the bringinge
in of 80=Thousand waight of Spanish Tobacco in two years: The Comittees
by the Court€ appoynted to negotiate this buisiness with the Lord Treasuror
vsed all their endeavour to bringe this Third toa ffourth, and against the
Importaéon of Spanish Tobacco gaue his Lo”: eight reasons in writinge, butt
neither of these two desires were entertayned and so the Comittees returned
their Labours vnto the Court€, declaringe vnto them that vppon these Termes
and no otherwise they might have y° Sole importaton w™ the Courts takinge
into their most serious Deliberaton, considering in what case they had been in
former years, sometimes forbidden by reason of other Contractors to bringe
in any Tobacco sometimes cofiaunded to bring in all they conceyved that by
entertayninge this bargaine thus though itt wer not soe good as they desyred,
yett comparatively they should be in a better state then they have been here-
tofore: And soe afterwards vppon this onely reason the Contract hath bine
confirmed b¥ inj Six seuerall Quarter Courtes.

The third obiection is that these persons Vppon whome these intentionns 3

are vniustly layde when they could not carry matters by pluralyty of Protactinge of y*
Voyces did draw on and spynn out y° Court€ till eleuen a Clock at night Cums

by w* means they that were againste some part€ concerning y° Man-

aginge of y° Contract beinge ouerwearied w so longe sittinge did

depart.

Itt is true that this day here ment the Court€ sate till about Tenn a Clocke Answere.
butt vppon these Occasions. Ther were divers long Courts to be read, princi-

pally concerninge the offences of m”™ Wrote who that day was to receaue the
iudgment and censure of this Quarter Courte, and the very handlinge of this
buisines continued till after Seaven a Clock.

4
Puttinge of of
Court¢.

Answere.

356

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The same day aHsee was held |jalsoj a Virginia Courte w™ power of a Quarter
Courte deryved from the Quarter Courte ittselfe w™ was held the Wednesday
before by reason, that y° Lo: Treasuror was not then fully resolved to give his
assent to every pticulerr of the Contract as was before agreed on. [258]

But this Day haveinge comunicated all the Articles of y* Contract w™ y*® Lords
of the Pryuy Counsell about 5 a Clock att night hee sent itt vnto vs by S*
Arthur Ingram, signed w™ his hand entire as before onely w™ this intimation
y' wheras before the Companies were to have had forthwith a Proclamatéon for
the sole Importaton by the Companies and for restrayninge of bringinge in
all other Tobacco then that of the Plantagons, savinge that within :2: or three
years they were enioyned to bringe in 80= Thousand waight of the best Spanish
Tobacco: The Companies were now desyred to be content to forbeare the pub-
lishinge of this Proclamation though concluded on by the Contract for three
or fower monneths: And this at that time beinge a new Proposition, butt such
a one as hadd the waight to make the bargaine either fall or proceed and that
beinge the last day wherin by the Patent and orders of the Companies they
are enhabled to conclud buisines of that nature vnless they should have deferred
them for more then a Quarter Geurt of a year longer, the debate of this was
now necessary and beinge long was another occasion of the Court€ continuance.

And the Contract w™ this new Proposition beinge againe confirmed the Offices,
Salaries and Officers in respect of obiectons and new Propositions then offered
and seuecrally wayed were againe to be debated and putt to y® question and soe
to be either confirmed (as they were) or el€ altered and that of necessitie att
this time because they expected instantlie the cominge in of great quantitie of
Tobacco from Virginia and the Somer Iland€, and another Courte could not
have the power to doe itt, And these were the onely and true causes of y* con-
tinuance of these Court¢ this Day so longe.

And y‘ cause w® is intimated by y* Obiecton is vtterly vntrue, for though
padventure some depted before the rysinge of y° Courte yett not one y' opposed
the Conclusionns and former Act€ of Courts went away and att the very last
besides divers Noblemen, and knights when the question was putt ther were
about a hundred personns,

Itt hath bin obiected, that in y* time when this Contract was first to be
concluded y*® Court€ were on purpose put of Seauen weekes together,
by reason that some Planters that were shortly to goe away might not
haue opertunyty to Complaine against itt.

Itt is strange howe any man knowinge our peeedings in this buisiness could
w** any confidence broach such an obiection beinge so manyfestly impossible
and so absolutely falce as shall appeare.

APRIL 12, 1623 — 357

Nothinge tendinge to the Conclusion of the Contract, could be ratified but in
a Quarter Courte: The Companies in their last midsomer Quarter Court¢ did
first agree to this bargaine, att w™ time, all the old Planters, being aboute
thirty in nomber were or might have been in the Courts for none went away
till aboute eight week¢€ after. Neither could it be then discouered they were
att all discontented w“ itt none makinge obiecton butt some arguinge ernestly
for itt, And then the bargaine beinge concluded and soe become vnarguable
that the Courts should be afterwards putt of to avoide their Argument cannot
be apprehended to agree with sence.

Howsoeuer itt is vntrue y‘ the Courts were att all soe long putt of for all-
though by the orders of the Companies in the long vacations there may be a
cessation of meetings except vppon extraordinary and pressinge occasionns,
yett y* yeare by reason of sendinge out divers Ships and w them Direcéons
to Virginia and y® Summer Iland¢ y°® Court¢€ mett more frequently then ||they |
vsually had done att any such times hertofore, and for any thinge could
appear to the Companies though ther were divers old Virginia Planters heere
and 700 new all w® were to goe thither after this conclusion of the Contract
yett not one man appeared or shewed himselfe to be greived or discontented
therwith. [259]

Itt was confidently alledged y‘ y® Virginia Planters had ernestly desyred 5
of his Ma‘* to bringe all their Tobacco into England and that this Peti- Suppressinge of y*
tion was by y® Officers of y° Company supprest. Plastame ain,

Noe man that ever sawe this Petition and hath not a mynde willfully to put Answere,
iniuries yppon the Company could ever force or scrue this sence out of itt, and

this will easily apear by the originall Petizon itt selfe now remayninge in the

hand¢ of y® Lord Treasuror.

Butt the occasion of the Peticon of the Planters was this that by reason fof]
some Monopolizinge the whol! Trade of Tobacco those of Virginia as well as
any other were by a Proclamation forbidden to bringe in Tobacco butt vppon
such Condiéons as the Patentees would enforce vppon them w™ occasioned this
petition enely conteyninge an humble sute to yo" Ma‘*: that they might not
be restrayned from ventinge of their Comoditie in these Kingdomes and the
reason why this Petiton was not deliuered was, for that before our receivinge
of the Petiton that restrainte by the Proclamation was alredy taken of.

: To disgrace y°® Proceedings of y° Companies they alledge y‘ no buisi- 6
‘ nes can be done in y* Court¢ by reason of faction and wranglinge. Faction

Itt lis] an odd thinge for men to Complaine of that wherin themselvs ar prin- Answere
cipally faulty: But w™ soe generall an extent the Obiection is vntrue for these

7
Vnfitt Gouerment.

Answere.

358

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

fower years past the Courts haue been carryed soe peaceably and quyetlie as
can hardly be parralelled in any Assembly consistinge of such an nomber.

But w all itt is true y' Divers discontented psonns who now have ioyned
together in impugninge the Contract have waited for all occasionns to worke
disturbance and trouble in the Companies, whose faces for divers years
together have not been seen in Courts save onely att such times as when they
com to raise a tempest; Butt the causes of their seuerall discontent€ and ill
affections shall in their due place hereafter more att large appeare.

In the meane time §in§ this answere wee will onely observe this that when they
have mustered their forces together and sent for their strength out of the
Country ther is att the most butt 26: Opposites to the Courts: Wheras y® Vir-
ginia Company consists of neer one Thousand psonns wherof many times two
hundred assemble att once, and the Summer Iland€ Company of aboue one
hundred and Twenty seuerall Adventurers and many times 70— or 80—
assemble att one Courte soe that what soeuer they have alleadged as ffaction
in the Companies must needs reflect on them selvs because in all Societies well
gouerned the Maior pt doth invoule the consent of the lesser: w™ opposinge
make themselvs therby to be the pty ffactions. [260]

They alleadge that y° Gouerment as it now stands is Democraticall and
tumultuous and therfore fitt to be altered and reduced to the hands of
some few personns.

The Gouerment is no other then by yo" Ma”: in yo" Letters Patent€ is pre-
scribed vynto vs: And itt is a bold censure thus to taxe a Gouerment ordayned
and constituted by such an authority Butt besides, their Allegaton is a
slaunder for y° Gouerment is not Democraticall.

ffor first wee have not supreame authoritie ouer the people of the Plantations
butt Gouerne them vnder yo" Ma‘ by authority deryved from yo" and accord-
ingly to yo" lawes as neer as may be, and are accomptable to yo" Ma” therfore
& y* Gouerment cannot be tearmed Democraticall wher the Kinge onely hath
absolute power and where the people swear alleagiance onely to him butt is
truly Monarchycall.

Secondly the Companies are soe farr from havinge absolute power ouer those
people that when any of them haue Comitted offences of what high nature
soeuer as hath appeared lately by two notorious examples: if hee scape pun-
ishm'‘ in y*® Plantaéons wher they have power by yo" Ma* tres Patents to punish
him hee may here out face the Companies as they doe and they have no means
of redress butt by appeallinge to higher Iustice.

APRIL 19,1698... >... 359

Ttt is true that accordinge to yo" Ma“: Instituéon in their Letters Patent¢ the
Gouerment hath some shew of a Democraticall forme w™ is in this case the
most iust and most pfitable and the moste apt means to worke the ends and
effect desyred by yo’ Ma”: fer ene §for§ the benifit encrease and wealth of
these Plantatons, by w™ the proffitt of yo" Ma” of ye Aduenturer and Planter
will rise together.

Most iust because these plantacons though furthered much by yo" Ma‘ grace
yett beinge not made att yo’ Ma” charge or ewpence but cheifly by the pryvate
purses of the Adventurers they would neuer §have§ Adventured in such an
Acéon wherin they interress their owne fortunes if in the regulatinge and
gouerninge of their owne buisines their owne votes had been excluded.

And most profitable for y* advanceinge |jof|| the Plantaton because of the great
supplies w the necessities of the people there often require and cannott be
sent but by the purses of many, who [261] if a few had the managinge of the
buisines would and that not w“out reason leave them vnsupplyed: And wheras
they cry out against Democracieal! and call for Oligarchie they make not y®
Gouerm* therby either of better forme or more Monarchicall.

And to discerne what is the iudgment of a Company if ther be not vnanimity
ther is no way but by pluralitie of voyces and if plurallytie of voyces were not
ther would scarse att any time in any poynte be vnanimitie in any Assembly,
that vnanimitie that is proceedinge for the most pt from Dispaire of prevaylinge
in their pryvate opinions or from shame to Discouer opposiéon to publique

good,

Butt this obiecton sufficiently Discouers y‘ they desire to drawe all things into
their owne power to w™ end ther hath of late been a conspiracy plotted in the
Summer Ilands and vndertaken to be psecuted here by the Gouerno’ and Cap-
taine Butler who is newly returned wherin hee findes correspondencie here at
home by some who have openly professed, that they desire the same.

flor y° Tumultuousness obiected itt is answered vnto before in y° ObiecZon of
ffacton and appears to peeed onely from themselves.

Hauinge thus given answers to the seeminge most material! scandalls and impu-
tacons hopinge those of lesser consequence when the greater are so manifestly
Disproved as before have lefte both their waight and releife, Wee are now to
Discouer the true causes though disguised by the Opposers why these 26 so
much labour to disgrace y° Gou9ment and in effect to bringe to ruine both the
Plantaéons by their secrett whisperings and insinuations and by their continuall
vnderhand practises to putt vppon the Companyes those faults w™ in the

Enuy.

2

Declyninge of be-
inge called to an
Accomp*

3

ffeare of beinge
Called into questid
for destroyinge of
y° Plantaton

360

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Court€ they dare neuer maineteyne, butt quallyfied w™ such Distinctions as
amount to a Denyall of that w™ they have been consious to have spoken in
other places to the Companies preiudice.

And this yo" Ma” may be pleased further to vnderstand that though itt be true
that of late these 26: haue shuffled and made a great noyse in y° Softer Ilands
Court€ wher they are allmost a fourth parte of the Company, yett in the
Virginia Court€ consistinge of a greater nomber they have seldom ventured
to offer any disturbance and opposiéon to the proceedings ther.

The first Cause of these mens malice proceeds from the ill affection of the Old
Officers of the Companies out of whose hands (y° Plantaton haveinge not well
thrived vnder them) the Gouerment was necessaryly taken and the prosperitie
of the same since appearinge and y® benifitt of that removall implyinge a proofe
of their misgoverment hath so much offended them that now they endeavour
the better the ||tol| couer y* fault by publique disturbances and pryvate prac-
tise and confederaton' to hinder the present prosperity and hopefull encrease
of y°® Plantatgonns In pticuler for the Plantacon of Virginia how itt declyned
then & hath prospered since; wee remitt in this place, to the Declaration of
the present State of Virginia.

Butt this change of the Officers and great change in the State of the Plantatons
hath stirred vpp so much envy in them, as they have not forborne by frequent
imputacons layd on by themselvs by settinge to their hands in attestaton of
most scandalous and false peticons by sometimes peuringe Complaints againste
the Courts [262] and by publique encourragm* and protecéon of personns
declared enimies to the Companies to bringe the present managinge of the
Piantacons into confusion and disgrace.

The Second cause is that the principall of those §Cittizens§ and some others
that weaue themselvs into this oppositon party w™ are butt few are for the
most pt such as haue heretofore borne office in one or both of y° Companies
either here or in the Plantatons who haueinge not cleered their many Accompts
some of w™ are verie susspicious and beinge prest by the Companies to
Accomp‘ doe vse all the Arte that mallice cann invent to doe preiudice §to§ &
cause disturbance in the present Gouerment; by y‘ means to shroud themselvs
from a due and quyett examynagon, and soe in the storme and confusion to
goe away as by this means hetherto they have donne vndiscouered.

Thirdly some other of these Opponents and of other rancke have had their
hand ptlie in spoylinge the Plantaton of Virginia and settinge out a Ship called
the Treasurer for robbinge into the West Indies and ptlie in abettinge and
protectinge those y‘ have soe done and that w™ vyolence to the great offence

1 Written over the word ‘‘consideraéon.’”’

7

APRIL 16, 1008 2 (veer 361

scandall & losse of the Company and their ends not fully answeringe their
hopes hath caused them to abandon the Court¢ for Virginia save onely in
poynte peuringe their trouble by that means to keep the Company from leas-
ure to call such offences into question.

And itt is very apparant y* whosoever is an enymie or hath done wronge to
ye Company hath recourse to and is ptected by some of these Opponents.

And in this manner for these causes w™ may be fixed vppon most of the 26: 5
those fewe y' remayne are either Servants or have necessary dependencie Bupaiomey.
vppon some of y® rest.

Butt these psonns by this oppositon have sufficiently declared their want of
care for the good of the Plantaczons in y* haveinge indeauored to ouerthrowe
the Contract w® by the matter of Sole importaton must needs have been of
inestimable Comforte to both the Plantatons by ventinge of y‘ one Comodity
of Tobacco to the value of att least one hundred Thousand pounds a year have
yett to this Day insteed therof offered no new proposi¢on for y* good of the
Plantaéons butt rest onely content w™ distroyinge of y' w was before estab-
lished.

Butt if itt would please yo™ most sacred Ma": seeings that the principall ends Remedy.
of the Companies in followinge the buisines of these Planta¢ons are for y°®
honour of yo" Ma“ times (3) §in propagating of Christian Religid in those
Barbarous p*§' for the enlargment of yo’ kingdomes for the encrease of
yo" Reuenue for the inrichinge of yo" people and for the future strength of
this State to give contenance and encourragment to our proceedings to beleeue
well of the Companies and not to give creditt to purposed informaéons of the
members or some by their pcurement against the bodies of y* Companies to
give some testimony of yo" gratious opinion and acceptance of our endeavors
by letter or otherwise, w™ might be for the honour and strengthninge of the
Companies, And that the rather because this late greate breach hath been
occasioned by their forwardnes soe exceedingly to advance yo" Ma” proffitt
therby hopinge to have gayned yo" Ma“ gratious good opinion and protecéon,
And if yo" Ma‘* would be further pleased to thinke itt fitt to declare your
future intenéon y‘ for y* buisines of y° Courtt, the Courts shalbe lefte freely
to gouerne themselvs accordinge to their Lawes and letter Patent€ and wall
to giue presently some direcéon and order to y* LL’ of yo" Counsell y* if ther
be any such pryvate conspiracie confederaéon or opposiéon as y*° Companies
can neither remedy nor punish they then to help them in y* remedy & punish-
m‘ of the same. And lastly for such as haveinge been accused of heynous
crimes cofiytted in y° Plantatons & haue by vndue means and practize gotten

\Inserted in the margin and referred to by a (3). See Plate 000.

362 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

hither, & here braue y° Comp*: to extend yo’ Ma‘: power & send them back
to the Plantatons ther to receaue their iust tryall; The Companies through
theise favours shalbe enabled by beinge freed from these distraccons cheer-
fully to proceed and in short time soe to advance these Plantacons as shall give
yo" Ma” great content and cause to beleeve y‘ these yo" fauours haue been
welbestowed and rightly vsed. [263]

And for the drawing vp of y° said petigon, & for y° perfecting of y°
former writings (according to y° alteraGons and amendments made in
Court) vnto y® former Comittee were adioyned these following viz".

S’ Edwin Sandis. m’ Berblock.
8S’ Edw: Horwood. . m’ Withers.
wn’ Jo; Smith... - m’ Copland.
m’ White. | Two Deputies.

who were entreated to meete that present afternoone thereabout.

M’ Deputy propounded §* Walter Rawleighes sonne to be admitted
into this Company, w™ in reguard his father was y’° first discouere’ of
Virginia was generally well liked of.

M' Deputy Likewise propounded the passing of Three shares from m'
Webb, One share to Iohn Gibbens merchantaylor, One other to lames
Gibbens, A Third share to Lawrence Williamson.

A Sumter Inanpes CoUuRT HELD ON
SATTURDAY IN THE FORENOONE THE—12™ OF
APRILL—1623.

PresEnt.'

After this the Lo: Cauendish taking y® Chaire propounded the things
done by y*® Virginia Company vnto y*® Suier [lands Court, who by
erecéon of handé did confirme, order and approue those things that
concerned them.

1The usual list of those present was not inserted in the manuscript.

APRIL 1770 woe +, 363

To the Kinges most Excellent Ma“

The most humble petiton of the Companies for
Virginia and y* Suffer Iands.

Yo" Ma™ most humble Supp” hauing vnderstood that Aldfan' Iohnson hath
lately presented a peti¢on to yo" Ma”: therin abusinge yo" Ma” w* most
vntrue Informatons touchinge yo" Supplyants and to the Derogaéon of that
Gouerment w vnder the Royall power of yo" Ma” they exercise for y°
advanceinge of yo" Ma“ royall Planta¢ons fforasmuch as yo" Suppt™ haveinge
requested of the said Alderman a Coppy of y* Petition therby to be enabled
to frame a dyrect and certaine answere to itt to y° sattisfyinge of yo" Ma":
(w® they affect aboue all things) can by no means obteyne the same. [264]

They humbly desire y* yo" Ma” wilbe gratiously pleased to referr y® hearinge
of y° Complaints of the said Alderman and his Associates to y* bodie of yo"
Ma“: most honorable Priuy Counsell that from thence the Innocent may
receaue Justification and the Delinquents deserved punishment. And they
most humbly pray allsoe y* yo" Ma’: in the meane time wilbe gratiously
pleased to receaue a true informaéon by the two writings herewith presented
y® same haveinge been pvsed and examined in their Courts and found true by
the generall vote of both the said Companies the one conteyninge a Declara-
tion of the present State of Virginia compared w™ that w™ itt hath formerly
been, and the other conteyninge an answer to all such Calumnies and asper-
sions wherwith some of the Associates of the said Alderman (who have been
allso for sundry years the Disturbers of the orderly and peaceable pceedings
of the said Companies) have vniustly charged yo" said supplyants or some of
them.

And yo" Supplyants haveinge the Comforte of yo" Ma": beinge sattisfied and
assured of the continuance of yo" Princely favo" (beinge the life and ioy of
both Companies and Plantations) shall pceed w™ all Integrity, Industry,
Patience & constancie in advanceinge those noble work€ soe much tendinge to
yo’ Ma™: greatnes hono’ and profitt.

And shall dayly allso pray for yo" Ma*: most longe continuance in all
princely felicitie.

4The remaining part of this document is in the handwriting of Thomas Collett (?).

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

AN EXTRAORDINARY COURT HELD FOR
VIRGINIA ON THURSDAY THE 177 or
APRILL 1623

PRESENT

Right ho’ Ea: of Warwick.
Lo: Cauendish.

S' Edw: Sackuille. m’* Widdowes. m’ Ed: Bennett.

S' Edw: Sandis. m’ Rich: Bennett. m’ Hobbs.

S* Io: Dauers. m* Baynham. m’ Cuff.

§’ Nath: Rich. m’ Rider. m™ Webb.

8S‘ Io: Bourchier. m’* Edwards. m’* Wilkinson.

m’ Nich: fferrar Dpt. m‘ Caning. m’ D’Lawne iui.
mn’ Io: fferrar. m’ Southerton. m’ Hackett.

m’ Gibbs. m’ Berblock. m” Seaward.

mn’ Io: Smith. m* Palmer. m’ Leauer.

Capt Butler. m* Balmford. m’ Dike.

m* Wolstenholme. m* Copeland. m’‘ Harding.
Aldfan Iohnson. m‘ Tho: Sheppard. m° ffra: Waterhouse.
m’ Palavicine. m’ Edw: Waterhouse. m’* Arthur Swayne.
m’ James Butler. m’ Barbor. m* Ewens.

mn’ Bing. m* Withers. m’ Roberts iui.

m’ Caswell. m’ Morewood. with diuers others.
m’ Ditchfield. m’ Woodall.

m* Geo: Smith. m’ Newport.

m‘ Swinhoe. m* Ley.

The Lo: Cauendish acquaynted the Company, that himselfe and the
rest had deliuered the Companies petiéon, together w™ y°® Declaraéon
and Relation ordered by the Last Court vnto his Ma” who referred
[265] it vnto y® Lorde of the Priuy Counsell, before whome himselfe

APRIL 17, 1623 ai a 365

and diuers of the Company had beene that morning, and by their
order caused this Court to be warned, to consider of Letters to be
written to both the Plantatons by y° seuerall Companies. W tres
his Lo? sayd, it was the ff pleasure should not make any manner of
menéon of any dissenéon and disturbanc€ here at home, whereby y°
Plantaéons might be putt into any feare or discomfort; but contra-
rily should be assured of not onely y°® continuance, but increase of
the Royall fauour of his Ma"* toward¢ them. And further his Lo?
acquainted them, that the Lord€ comaunded him to signify and giue
warninge in the Court to all perticuler members of the Companie,
that none of them should vpon their alleagiance dare to write any
thing to either of the Planta@ons concerninge matters of diuision or
difference that had passed here at home, or any thing that might
dishearten them or giue them discouragem* or any thing contrary to
the Publiq, Letters; and if they had allready written, that they should
recall their Lres. Herevpon the Court after some deliberaéon agreed
vpon certaine generall heades of Letters; according wherevnto m’*
Deputy was entreated to drawe vp y° Lres against too morrowe in the
afternoone, when the Court€ would meete about that busines only.

S’ Nathaniell Rich propounded, that accordingly as he had in y*

Court of the |jsecond of Aprill|| moued the Companies would petiéon

for the Sole Importaéon of Tobacco, except only 40000 weight of

Spanish Tobacco to be yearely brought in; w™ he said there was

hope might be obteyned. W* Proposiéon the former Court did not

agree vnto, in reguard that they conceaued, that it was y° intenéon of

y° State so to stint forraigne Tobaccoes, that noe more then 40000

weight of Spanish Tobacco should be brought in yearely; and there-

vpon it was not conceaued any waies preiudiciall to them, though the

40000 weight were brought in by others.

But now y°® Companie being giuen to vnderstand, that there was likely

to be a free importaéon of all sort of forraigne Tobacco w“out stint,

and that there was a Proclamaéon shortly to come forth to that pur- 4 ftee Importe-
h ° = ° . . tion the utterouer-

pose, w™ formely they did not expect nor imagine; it was vnani- throw of the Plan-

mously adiudged, that that would be the vtter ouerthrowe of y° tations?

' This marginal entry is in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar.

366 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Plantaéons, for that thereby the Tobacco would be brought downe to
nothing. Wherevpon it was generally thought most necessary, to
seeke and indeauour by all possible meanes to prevent this free
importaéon; and since it could not be hoped to obtayne an absolute
restreint, yet at least to petiéon his Ma“ and the Lo: Treasuror that
it might be limited to 40000 weight, and that in lieu of this limitacon,
they would willingly here agree and binde themselues to bring in [266]
all their Tobaccoes hither, and doe their best to persuade the Colonie
to doe the Like; Wherevpon the order following being propounded,
was by erecéon of hand€ agreed vnto;

Whereas the Companies here for Virginia and the Sumer Dlands, had
aduertizem' of y® continuance of the Lo: Tfers noble fauour to the
Plantaéons advancem‘, they humbly entreate the

Earle of Warwick m’ Aldfan Iohnson
Lo: Cauendish m’ Gibbs

S' Edw: Sackuill mn’ Ditchfield

S' Edw: Sandis : m’ Palavicine

S’ Nath: Rich m' Bennett

S' Io: Dauers _, mf Caninge

8S" Io: Bourchier mw Dike

to goe to y° Lo: TYer, and in their names humbly to petigon his Lo” to
be a meanes to his Ma, that they may haue the Sole Importaéon of
Tobaceo into England, w™ excepéon only of 40000 w‘t of Spanish
Tobacco to be brought in yearely; for w™ they will for themselues
here vndertake to bring in all their Tobacco, and doe their best to
persuade the Colonies to agree therevnto, in reguard of y® benefitt of
Sole Importaéon, and if the Colony shall not consent therevnto, then
the bargaine to be dissolued. And they are likewise humbly entreated
to desire, that the Companies may haue y* refusall of bringing in the
40000 weight of Spanish Tobacco.

APRIL 18, 1623

At a CouRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA AND Y*
Sumer ILANDES oN ffRIpAy IN Y" AFTERNOONE
y® 18™ or ApRILL. 1623.

PRESENT

Right ho™ Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: D’Lawarr.

S' Edw: Sackuill. Capt Nath: Butler. m’ Woodall.
S* Io: Brooke. m’ Couell. m’ Tatam.
8S" Edw: Sandis. m* Leauer. m’ Viner.
S* Io: Bourchier. mn’ Scott. m’ Roberts.
S* Nath: Rich. m’ Balmeford. m’ Hobbs.
m* Deputy. m* White. m’* Geo: Smith.
m' Gibbs. m’ Ditchfield. m’ Cuff.
mn’ Steward. m’ Seldon. m’ D’Lawne iun.
m’ Bing. m’ Edw: Waterhouse. m' Ewins.
m’ Butler. m’ Copland. m* Downes.
m* Wolstenholme. m* Wheatly. m’ Martin.
m’ Geo: Garrett. m’ Whithers. m’ Io: Palmer.
mi’ Tho: Sheppard. m’ Bland. m* Kirby.
m’ Barbor. m’ Palavicine. m* Moorewood.
m’ Caswell. m’* Edw: Bennett. mi’ ffothergill.
m’ Berblock. m’ Owen Arthur. m* Moorer.
m’* Sparrowe. with diuers others.

The Court held y° 17" of this present moneth was now read, & being
putt to the question, was by a generall erecéon of hand€ (noe one dis-
senting) confirmed to be truly sett downe. [267]

The Lo: Cauendish acquaynted the Company, that the Comittee
appointed by the last Court, hauing had some conference w™ the Lo:
Treasuror about that Proposition & request, w“ the sayd C™ was

368 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

desired might be made to his Lo? in y° name of y® Companies, viz*
That he would be a meanes to his Ma“, that they may haue the Sole
Importaéon of Tobacco into England, w™ y° excepéon only of 40000
weight of Spanish Tobacco. W Proposition and Request his Lo?
hauing read (being deliuered vnto him as it is sett downe in y* former
Court) sayd, he would acquaynt y°® king therewith, and they should
receaue an answere win few dayes, His Lo? professing he bore that
Loue vnto y° Plantaéons, that although he was the Kings ma“ publiq,
Officer; yet he would be contented to decline somewhat from his
Ma" profitt for y® good of y® Plantaéons. And being further moued,
that his Lo? would vouchsafe to be a meanes for y® 400 young persons
formerly pmised to be sent to Virginia; His Lo? seemed well disposed
to forward that suite, whensoeuer the Company should petiéon for
them.

Herevpon it was moued by some, that it might now be taken into
consideraéon, whither it were not fitt to petigon the Lorde for y* sayd
400 persons; But it was rather thought fitt to respite y° same awhile,
vuntill they may be better informed of the State of the Country and
Collony in Virginia, & whither y° Aire there be soe vnholesome &
vnhealthfull for people to liue in; as hath beene of late confidently
reported to his Ma‘.

It being now allmost ffiue a clock, it was vpon moéon generally agreed
& ordered by either Company, that both Court¢ should be continued
till businesses were ended.

M’ Deputy being entreated by the Last Virginia & Sumer Ilandes
Court to drawe vp the publiq, Letters according to those generall
head¢, w™ were then agreed on did now present the same to be read.

Wherevpon there was first read the draft of a Lre to y° Gouernour
and Counsell of Virginia; w being waighed, was by a generall
erecéon of hand¢€ approued and ordered to be p'sented to y® LL‘ of y°
Counsell.

In like manner the generall Lre to the Gouerno’ & Counsell of the
Sumer Iland¢, was read, and by generall erecéon of hand¢ approued.

APRIL 18, 1088 °° «W'S a 369

The Court entreating the Lo: Cauendish and the rest of the Comittee
appointed by the former Court to present the sayd Lres vnto y°® Lorde
of y® Counsell, sometyme too morrowe in y° afternoone, as their Lo®,
had appointed. [268]

A CourT HELD FOR y" SuMER ILANDe
THE 18™ or APRILL 1623.

PRESENT.

M' Ditchfield moued and desired to knowe how himselfe and such
others as stood engaged for y® 1000" taken vp at interest of the Cham-
ber of London for y* Companies vse should be disingaged; seeings the
Company should come short of a great part of y° Imposiéon vpon y°
Sumer Iland¢ Tobacco, by reason stay was made of the Groate€ vpon
the Planters Tobacco; But he sayd, he hoped y‘ y® Lorde being other-
wise informed, would order it otherwise; considering the mony taken
vp, was wholy employed vpon charg¢ necessary for the defence of the
Tlande¢, and for y° generall behoofe and benefitt of the Planters them -
selues. Herevnto answere was made, that the Company were in noe
fault touching the said stay; who had done asmuch as they could to
withstand and oppose it.

Wherevpon it was aduised by some, that they would petiéon to y°
LL* of y® Counsell about it, & te present y* same at such tyme as y*
former Comittee are to attend their Lo” whereby they might haue
their furtherance & assistance. W course was Liked of & resolued
vpon accordingly.
1The list of those present was not inserted in the manuscript.
16456—voL 2—06-——24

370

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

A CourRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDENSDAY
IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 23 oF APRILL

1623.
PRESENT
Right hono™’

Ea: of Dorsett. St Edw: Sandis.

Lo: Cauendish. S' Io: Dauers.

Lo: D’Lawarr. S* Io: Bourchier.

S' Io: Brooke. S' Edw: Horwood.
m’ Aldfan Iohnson. m1’ Scott. m* Moorewood.
m’ Nich: fferrar Dpt. m* Seaward. m* Wentworth.
m’ fo: fferrar. m’ Steward. m* Baynard.
m’* Gibbs. m”* Wheatly. m* Sheppard.
m’ Bing. m’ Hobbs. m’ Swinhoe.
m’ James Butler. m* Jadwin. mn” Bull.
Cap. Nath: Butler. m* Gough. m* Caninge.
m’ Io: Smith. m’ Proctor. m’ Kirby.
m’ Wolstenholme. m* Downes. m’ Cuff.
m’ White. m’* Caswell. m’ Tatam.
m* Robert Smith. m* Newell. m’* Melling.
m’ Palavicine. m’* Budge. mn’ ffothergill.
m’ Bland. m’ Neuill. m* Newport.
m’ Ditchfield. m* Edw: Waterhouse. m’ Roberts.
m* Withers. m* Mullins. m* Rider.
m’* Addison. m’ Ley. Cap: Haruy.
m‘ Balmford. wn’ Robins. m’ Nicholls.
m* Copland. m’* Leauer. mn’ Baron.

APRIL 23, 1623 371

m’ Etheridge. m’ Couell. m’ Palmer.
m’* Widdowes. m’* Winne. m* Barker.
mn’ meuerell. mn’ Seldon. m'* Hackett.
m* Moorer. m’* Ewens.
m™ Webb. m’ ffelgate.
m’ Sparrowe. m’ ffra. Waterhouse.
m’ Cartwright. w" diuers others. [269]

The Court held the Second of this moneth was now read, whereat noe
man taking excepGon, it was putt to y° question, and by a genall erec-
éon of handé (noe one dissenting) confirmed to be rightly sett downe.

The Court also of the Twelueth of y° same moneth was read and by a
generall erecéon of hand¢ confirmed.

The Court Likewise of y*® Eighteenth of this moneth was read, & by
a general] erecéon of hand€ approued & confirmed.

Vpon notice giuen of the Ann’s departure from Grauesend notwith-
standing the Tto* of the Counsells order to S’ Iohn Wolstenholme to
stay her till further direcéon. It was informed by m* Woodall and
m’‘ Dennis shee was safe at Portesmouth, and that they were assured
shee went not to y®° Sumer Ilandes as was supposed.

S' Iohn Brooke, m* White and m’ Ditchfield were by this Court desired
to goe too morrow morning to y® Lo: Treasuror in y®° Companies name
humbly to desire y°® continuance of his Lo” fauour for the attayning
of the Companies suite, that there be noe more then 40000 weight of
Spanish Tobacco to be brought in yearely; And further to acquaynt
his Lo? w™ y® great damage & inconvenience that ariseth to the poore
Passengers that lye at the Isle of Wight by delay of y° Shipp; And
humbly therefore to beseech his Lo”, that the ll* Ire may be expedited,
that accordingly the Shipp may be dispatched. And further humbly
to acquaynt his Lo’, that concerning those addiéons required in M’
Dickensons Lre; that although they doe not knowe of any diuision or
distraction in the Colonies, yet in obedience to his Lo” comaund they

372 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

will add a clause to that effect, And for certefying them of the course
appointed by his Ma” for their good, and redresse of all inconven-
iences, they will send their ll” order, if his Lo? soe please. But for
the §Two§ first point€ to signifie vnto them, that y° Contract is dis-
solued, and that there must be a free Importaéon, they conceaue that
the Last point wilbe the most discomfortable newes vnto y® Colonies,
that possibly cann be; It being generally adiudged in their Courte,
and confessed by them that haue most opposed the Contract, that if
there be a free Importaéon of Tobacco, and yet the Colonies bound to
bring in all, that their Tobacco will come to iust nothing, and that
the Plantaéons wilbe vtterly ruyned. Wherefore the Companies most
humbly desire, they may not be pressed to signify or say any thing
concerning the breach of y° Contract, except they may giue assurance
of this new fauour for w™ they are Suito™.

They are humbly also to desire his Lo? that the order may be explayned
and sett downe concerning the not sending any [270] Lres, the Com-
pany conceauing that at Counsell table, the tts did set only forbidd
them to write any Letters touching any contentious busines here at
home: But that they did absolutely giue them Leaue to write con-
cerning their perticuler and priuate affaires, w" w“out aduise by Let-
ters, would suffer much damage & preiudice, and be a cause of infinite
griefe and discontent to y® Colonie to receaue noe Lres from them.

The Lo: Cauendish acquaynted the Court, that whereas a Petition was
deliuered to his Ma” by m* Aldfan Iohnson, as also an Imformaéon
by Capt Butler termed by him The Vnmasked face of our Colonie in
Virginia, w™ was the occasion the Company likewise presented to his
Ma‘ their Two writings, viz’ the Declaracon, & Relation, together
w™ a Petition, Ioyning therein w" m’ Alderman in y° issue of his
Petition, namely y* y®° examinaéon & rectefying of y° matters com-
pleyned of might be referred to y° tt* of the Counsell. W peticon of
m’ Aldfan and his Associat€ and Informaéon of Capt Butler being
now sent vuto y®° Comp., his Lo? propounded they might be read, and
afterward¢ some course thought on for preparing of matters in answere
therevnto against y° sitting of y° Comission”™.

APRIL 23, 1688 373

Wherevpon m’ Alderman ||Iohnson|| petigon was first read, being as
followeth

To y® Kings most excellent Ma”;!

The humble Petition of Sundry the Aduenturers and Planters of the
Virginia and Suter Ilands Plantacons

| Most graceous Soueraigne|

Amongst the many memorable works of yo" Ma“: gratious Raigne those of the
Plantaéons of Virginia and the Soffer Ilands are not the least, The begininge
of w™ enterprize beinge the first fforraigne Colony planted by our nation
accompanyed w™ soe great a charge to furnish Ships and men and to make
yearly new Supplies w“out any present hope of retribucon, was sufficient att
the first veiwe and computaton to haue discourraged y° most resolute and for-
ward Adventurers butt by Gods Assistance and yo" Ma*: gracious encourrag-
m w" that discreet and mylde Gouerm‘ first nomynated and appoynted by
yo" Ma“ All sorts of men were in such kindely and frendly manner invited to
engage themselves y‘* notw“standinge many difficulties that great Acton (w™
otherwise had perished in the birth) not onely tooke life and beinge butt
peeeded in a moste hopefull and comfortable Course for many years togeather
w vnity and love amongst ourselvs, & quyett enterteynm‘ of those Sauadg
Indians by w endeavours sundry of those Infidells and some of emynent sort
were converted to Christian Religion, Staple Comodities began to be raysed
and imported into this kingdome, as Iron, Sturgion, Caueary, Sope and Pott-
ashes, Masts for Ships, Clapbourd Pipestaues Waynscott, Wine, Pitch, and
Tarr and y* most desyred worke of Silkwormes: Thesse were y° blessings then
vppon our peaceable proceedinge.

Butt wee know not howe itt is of late years com to passe that notwstandinge
yo" Ma“ Subiects haue been in great multitude exported to the Plantacons
yett y° aforesaid Comodities and other y° fruits of y‘ worke doe not appear as
in former times o° vnitie and peace att home is turned to Civill discord and
dissenton amongst o’selvs and to Massacre and Hostility between y° Natives
and our Colony in Virginia, and divers of y° Antient Adventurers and Planters
conceive themselvs many wayes iniured abused and oppressed In w™ respect
fearinge y‘ y* vtter ruyne and distrucéon of those great works is like to fol-
lowe w“out the help of a supreame hand, and not holdinge itt fitt to trouble
yo" sacred ears wth pticularr Complaints, wee are forced for remedy to appeale
to yo" moste excellent ma’:

1This petition is entered in the handwriting of Thomas Collett(?). It is referred to in List of
Records, No. 445, Vol. I, page 168, ante.

374

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Humbly prayinge y‘ some worthy personages whom yo" Ma”: shall please may
be ndiated and appointed by y” Cofiission vnder y° great Seale of England
who by Oath or otherwise by all lawfull means and waies may enquire and
examine y* true estate of y° Plantatons att y° time when S' Thomas Smith
lefte y® Gouerment of y° said Comp”: and all incidents thervnto belonginge,
as allso what monneys since y* time haue been collected for y° Plantatons and
by whome how y° same haue been procured & expended [271] and what after
y® expence of somuch monny is y° true estate & Conditon of y° said Planta-
tons at this tit#ze present: As allso to enquire into all abuses and greivances
concerninge the former pticularrs And of all wrongs and iniuries done to any
the Adventurers or Planters and the grounds and causes therof, and to pro-
pound how the same may in time to come be reformed and howe the buisi-
nesses of y° said Plantatons may be better mannaged Soe that all Contentions
and difficulties being reconciled the Authors therof condignely punished vnitie
and peace resettled, and y° forme of Gouerninge and Dyrectinge these Affaires
beinge better established, that worke may prosp w™ a blessinge from heaven
to yo" Ma“ great honour and proffitt and to those religious and publique ends
for w™ they were first yndertaken.

Next was read Captaine Butlers dismasking of Virginia peing as fol-
loweth.

The Vnmasked face of o* Colony in Virginia as it was in the
Winter of y° yeare 1622'

I found the Plantatons generally seated vppon meer Salt Marishes full of
infectious Boggs and muddy Creeks and Lakes, and therby subiected to all
those [nconvenyencies and diseases, w™ are soe cofily found in the most
vnsound and most vnhealthie partes of England, wherof every Country and
Clymate hath some.

I found the shores and sides of those pts of the mayne River wher our Planta-
éons are settled every wher soe shallow as no Boate can approach the Shores
Soe that besides the difficulty daunger and spoyle of goods in y° Landinge of
them, the |/poore|| people are forced to a continuall wadinge and wettinge of
themselvs and that in the prime of winter when the Ships commonly arrive &
therby gett such vyolent surfeits of Cold vppon Cold, as seldome leave them
vutill they leaue to live.

The new people y‘ are yearly sent ouer w™ arrive here for the most parte
verie vnseasonably in winter finde neither Guesthouse Inn nor any the like
place to shroud themselvs in att their Arrivall no not so much as a stroake

1This document is in the Public Record Office, State Papers, Colonial, Vol. II, No. 20, I. For
fuller citation see List of Records, No. 388, Vol. I, page 162, ante. It is inserted in the handwriting
of Thomas Collett (?).

APRIL 23, 1623 = 375

given towards any such charitable worke soe that many of them by want herof
are not onely seen dyinge vnder hedges and in the woods, but beinge dead ly
some of them for many dayes vnregarded and vnburied.

The Colony was this winter in much distress of victuall soe that English meale
was sould att the rate of Thirty shillings a bushell their owne native Corne
called Maize att Tenn and fifteen shillings the bushell, the w™ howsoeuer itt
lay heavy vppon the shoulders of the Generallytie itt may be suspected not to
be vnaffected by some of the cheife; for they onely haueinge the means in
these extremities to Trade for Corne w™ the Natives doe hereby engrosse all
into their hands and soe sell itt abroad att their owne prizes and myselfe have
heard from the mouth of a prime one amongst them that hee would never wish
that their owne Corne should be cheaper amongst them then eight shillings
the bushell.

Their howses are generally the worste that ever I sawe the meanest Cottages
in England beinge every way equall (if not superiour) w™ the moste of the
best. And besides soe improvidently and scatteringlie are they built seated
one from an other as ptly by their distance butt especially by y° interpositons
of Creeks and Swamps as they call them, they offer all advantages to their
Sauadge enymies and are vtterly depryved of all suddaine recollecton of them
selves vppon any termes whatsoever.

I found not the least peec of ffortificaton: Three peeces of Ordinance onely
mounted att Iames Citty and one att flowerdue hundred butt never a one of
them serviceable; Soe y* itt is most certaine that a Small Barke of 100 Tunn
may take itts time to pass vpp the River in spite of them; & cofiinge to an
Anchor before y° Towne may beat all their houses downe aboute their ears and
soe forceinge them to retreat into the woods may Land vnder y° fauour of
their Ordinance and rifle the Towne att pleasure. [272]

Expectinge accordinge to their printed bookes a great forwardnes of divers
and sundry Comodities att myne aryvall I found not any one of them soe
much as in any towardnes of beinge for the Iron-works were vtterlie vasted
and the men dead the ffurnaces for Glasse and Potts att a stay and in small
hope; As for the rest they were had in a generall derision even amongst
themselvs & the Pamphelts y* had published their beinge sent thither by hun-
dreds were laughed to scorne and every base fellow boldly gave them the lye
in dive™ pticulers Soe y* Tobacco onely was y° buisines and for ought that I
could here every man madded yppon that and little thought or looked for any
thinge ellse.

I found y°® Antient Plantatons of Henrico and Charles Citty wholly quitted and
lefte to y° spoyle of the Indians who not onely burned the houses said to be

376 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

once y° best of all others, butt fell vppon the Poultry, Hoggs, Cowes, Goats
and Horses wherof they killed great nombers to y° great greife aswell as ruyne
of y° Olde Inhabitants whoe stick not to affirme that these were not onely the
best and healthiest parts of all others butt might allso by their naturall strength
of scituacon haue been the most easefully plserved of all others.

Wheras accordinge to his Ma“: gratious Lres Patents his people in Virginia
are as neer as possibly may be to be gouerned after the excellent Lawes and
Customes of England; I found in y® Gouerm' there not only ignorant &
enforced strayings in dive™ pticularrs butt willfull & intended ones In soe
much as some who vrged due conformitie haue in contempt been termed men
of Lawe, and were excluded from those rights w™ by orderlie peeedinge they
were elected and sworne yuto here.

There haveinge been as itt is thought not fewer then Tenn thousand soules
transported thether there are not through the aforenamed abuses and neglects
aboue Two thousand of them att the present to be found alive many of them
allso in a sickly and despate estate: Soe that itt may vndoubtedly be expected
that vniess the confusions and pryvate ends of some of y° Company here and
y° badd execuéons in secondinge them by their Agents there be redressed w™
spede by some divine and supreame hand y‘ in steed of a Plantaéon itt will
shortly gett y° name of a slaughter house and soe iustly becom both odious to
our selvs & contemptible to all the world.

Which being read, it was thought fitt for satisfacéon of such as seemed
to be much discouraged w" this his confident report touching the
vnohealthines of y® Country, and ill seating of y°® Colony in Virginia
(it being by some persons of worth informed that vpon this Informa-
éon there was like to be a stay of many hundred¢ that were preparing
to transporte themselues) to heare the reports of such as had beene
long and often in Virginia. Wherevpon divers being nowe present in
Court, were asked perticulerly ; who affirmed vpon their certen knowl-
edge, that at euery Plantaton by and neere about that riuer, they may
Land w“ Boats drawing Three foote water from halfe floud to halfe
ebbe safe & dry w“out wetting their foote. And further that they
finde by their owne experience, the Aire there as wholesome, and the
soyle for y® most part as fertille as in any place in England, or in any
Country wheresoeuer they haue trauelled.

But for further preparing of the answeres aswell to this Informaéon,
as also to y° Peti¢on of Alderman Iohnson & his Associat€, and like-

APRIL 98, 1623. >. i 377

wise for giuing y* charge & makinge [273] the remonstrance of the
proceedings of y® former yeares and of those later foure yeares, w™ y°
Company were to defend; It was resolued that since it would be too
teadious, and impossible to passe these things in publiq, Courts, that
it should bedone by way of Comittees: But because the part¢ of these

buisinesses were very many, and therefore needed y* helpe of many.
head¢; and considering that it was y® defence & vpholding of y° whole
Company, and euery man had interest therein one way or other, It
was therefore ordered, by erecéon of hand@, that there should be first
a great Comittee of the whole Company in generall, whence noe man

(free of the Court) should be excluded, but only these who by y°
delinery of y*® Petiéon & Informaéon, had made themselues y* Com-

panies Accusers; w™ since they still mayntayned, it was not any way

reasonable, that they should be at y® meetings & consultaéons of the

Company, when they were to prepare their owne defence, or giue

these Opposers their charge; To w™ diuers of them being present,

and in perticuler Alderman Iohnson being present did agree, saying,

that they did not desire to be present at any of y° meetings of the

Company to this purpose; & therevpon himselfe & diuers others

departed y° Court.

It was likewise further ordered, that there should be chosen one to
moderate businesses in this great Comittee, & it was thought fitt, that
in reguared the meetings were like to be many and Long, that he
should haue an Assistant to helpe him, and to supply ||his|| y° place
vpon occasion of his absence. It was also ordered, that this great
Comittee should haue power to substitute & ordayne Sub Comittees
for y° expediting of perticuler businesses, that by y® parting of things
among them, they might be y° speedier and better accomplished: and
that these Sub Comittees should bring their labours & endeauo™ to
the great Comittee, & being by them approued should be presented
vnto y® Generall Court: It was likewise ordered by erecéon of hande,
that for these businesses the Counsell might assemble themselues,
excluding those from their sayd meetings, who being of y°® Counsell
had ioyned w™ Aldfan Iohnson in accusing y° Gouernem' & Proceed -
ings of the Company these ffoure Last yeares.

378 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

At A CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON
ffRIDAY IN Y* AFTERNOONE THE 25 oF APRILL 1623.

Right hono™ Lo: Cauendish.

§S' Io: Brooke.

S' Edw: Sandis.
S’ Io: Dauers.

8’ Edw: Lawly.
m* Io: Bourchier.
m’ Io: fferrar.

m’' Nich: fferrar. ||Deputy||
m’ White.

mm’ Copland.

m’* Balmford.

m’ Addison.

m’ Caswell.

m’* Withers.

PRESENT

m* Meuerell.

m’* Kirby.

m’* Morris.

m’ Hobbs.

m’ Newport.

m'’ Edw: Waterhouse.
m’ Scott.

m’ Barker.

m* Downes.

m’ Stone.

m’ Bland.

m* Wheatly.

m’ D’ Lawne iui.

mn’ ffelgate.

m’ Etheridge.

m’ Swinhoe.

m’ Geo: Smith.

m0’ [adwin.

in’ ffelgate.

m’ Rayner.

m* Mease.

m’ Prosser.

m’ Seuerne. ; Inhabs.
m’ Sanders.

m’ Mole.

\\w™ diuers others]|.

m™ Webb.

m’ Proctor.

m’ Owen Arthur.
m’* Careles.

m'’ Harding.
m’ Bull.

Cap: Bargraue.
m1’ ffelgate.

m’ Collett.

m’ Cuff.

m1‘ Sparrowe.
m’ Seldon.

m’ Moore.

(274]

S' Iohn Brooke, 8’ Iohn Bourchier and m’ White are desired to
repaire to the Lo: Treasuror, and to shew his Lo” the additions made

APRIL, 30,100B oe 379

to the Le according to his Lo™ order, and humbly beseech his Lo”
that the Shipp be expedited, the delay thereof being the vtter vndoing
of many poore Passengers that lye at the Isle of Wight, w™ they sig-
nified by a Messenger purposely sent vp to entreat the Company to
procure the dispatch of y®° Shipp, they hauing bestowed and Laid out
all that they are worth in prouiding for their voyage & nothinge Left
there to mayntayne them a shore. Vpon w™ great and pressinge
oceasion, diuers of y*® Counsell and Company to the nomber of ffifty,
being assembled together in a generall Comittee of the whole Com-
pany, thought fitt to make y° Comittee a Co™ for y* passing of this
busines onely. And they are also further desired in y® Companies
names, humbly to beseech his Lo? not to giue any Creditt or hearing
to any Informaéons that shalbe giuen his Lo? concerning any vnre-
spectiue or vndutifull passages in their Courte against his L” or y° Tts
of his Ma” priuy Counsells proceedings or Act€; to w™ w™ all due
obedience they submitt themselues. And for y® perticuler Informa-
Gon giuen his Lo? against the Deputie, that he should be soe bold as
to putt it to question, whither the Companies would bring in all their
Tobacco since that tyme their TL?* had ordered that all should be
brought in; They are desired in the name of the whole Court to tes-
tify to his Lo? that that was an vntrue Informaéon, & that there hath
not beene any such question putt; nor any thing tending to that
purpose since their Lo™ order.

AT A COURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDENSDAY
IN THE AFTERNOONE THE LAST OF APRILL 1623.

PRESENT

Right Hono™ Ea: of Warwick.
Lo: Cauendish.
Lo: Lawarr.

S’ Edw: Sackuille. S' ffra: Leigh.
S* Io: Brooke. S' Nath: Rich.

Chane: of y* Dutehy.
Collonel Ogle.

S* Tho: Wroth.

S* Io: Bourchier.

S* Sam: Argoll.

mn’ Nicholls.

m’* Edw: Waterhouse.
m’ Ditehfield.

m’ Sparrowe.

mn’ ffran: Waterhouse.
m’ Woodall.

m’ Barker.

m* Newport.

m’* ffothergill.

m* Ley.

m* Hobbs.

380 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY
S' Edw: Sandis.
S' Ro: Killigrue.
S" Io: Dauers.
S' Edw: Horwood.
S' Edw: Lawly.
Aldfan Iohnson. m’ Bull.
m’ Nich: fferrar Dpt. m* Wheatley.
m’ Io: fferrar. m’ Caswell.
m* Geo: Garrett. m* Downes.
Capt Butler. Cap: Bargraue.
m’ Ro: Smith. m’ Viner.
m’ Gibbs. m’ Swinhoe.
m’* Wolstenholme. m* Meuerell.
m'‘ Bing. m’ Leauer.
m’* Palavicine. m’ Kirby.
m’* Wilmer. m’ Scott.
Capt Haruey. m’ Edwardes.

m’* Edw: Johnson.
m’ James Butler.
m’* Berblock.

m’‘ Copland.

m’ Balmford.

m* Addison.

m’* Caninge.

m’ Bland.

m1’ Sheppard.

m* Lewes Hughes.
m’* Roberts.

m’ Ditchfield.

m’ Sherroe.

m’ Rider.

m* Edw: Bennett.
m’* Geo: Smith.

m’ Mullins.

m’ Collett.

m’ Webb.

m’ Hackett.

m’ Preston.

m’* Wilkinson.

m’ Proctor.

with diuers others.

[275]

The Lo: Cauendish acquainted the Company, that diuers ancient
Planters, m™ of Shipps, Marriners, and sundry other persons that
haue Liued Long in Virginia, and haue beene many tymes there, had
presented y° great Comittee w™ an answere vnto Capt Butlers Infor-
maéon, concerning the Colony in Virginia; wherein they did directly
contrary the most mayne point¢ of his Informaéon, prouing them to
be false and scandalous; w™ was by erec@on of handé ordered to be
read, being this w® followeth.

APRIL 80, 1623 Tt 381

The Answers of diuers Planters that haue long liued
in Virginia as alsoe of sundry Marriners and other
persons y* haue bene often at Virginia vnto a paper intituled
The Vumasked face of our Colony in Virginia
as it was in y® Winter of y° yeare—1622'

1: I founde the Plantacons generally seated vppon meere Salt marishes
full of infectious Boggs and muddy Creekes, and Lakes, & therby sub-
iected to all those inconveniences and diseases which are soe cofionly
found in y° moste Vusounde & most Vnhealthy parts of England wherof
euerie Country & Clymate hath some.

1: Wee say that there is no place inhabited but is conveniently habitable. And Answere
for y° first Plantacon w™ is Kiccoutan against w™ (if any be) most exception
may be made, itt is every way soe well disposed that in that place well gou-
erned men may enioy their healths and live as plentifully as in any parte of
England or other his Ma“**: Dominions, yett that there are Marishes in some
places wee acknowledge; Butt soe as they are more Comodious for dive™ good
respects and vses then if they were wantinge. As for Boggs wee knowe of
none in all y° Country and for the rest of the Plantatons as Newports News,
Blunt poynt Wariscoyake Martins Hundred, Paspahey and all the Plantacons
right ouer against Iames Citty, and all the Plantacons aboue these w™ are
many they are verie fruitfull and pleasant Seates, free from Salt Marishes
beinge all on the fresh River and they are all verie healthfull and high Land
except Iames Citty w“ is yett as high as Debtforde or Radclyfie.

2 I founde y* shores and sides of those part€ of y° Mayne Riuer wher
ou’ Plantatons are setled euery wher soe shallow as noe Boates can
approach y° shores soe y* besides y° difficulty daunger and spoile of
goods in y® Landinge of them, y° people are forced to a Continuall
wadinge & wettinge of themselues and y*‘ in y*® prime of winter when
y° Shipps coffonly arriue, and therby gett such vyolent surfetts of colde
vppon colde as seldome leaue them vntill they leaue to liue.

2 That generally for the Plantaéons att all times from halfe ffloud to halfe Answere.
ebb any Boate y‘* drawes betwixt three and 4 foote water may safely com in &

Land their Goods dry on Shore w™out wadinge & for further Cleeringe ofthese

||this|| false obieccons the Seamen there doe att all times deliuer the goods they

bringe to the Owners dry on Shore, wherby itt plainely appears not any of

y° Country people there inhabitinge are by this means in daunger of their

lives, || And|| at a great many ef Plantacons belowe Iames Citty and allmost all

aboue they may att all times Land dry.

1This document is in the handwriting of Nicholas Ferrar’s assistant, Thomas Collett (?).

Answere.

382

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

8 The new people y‘are yearly sent ouer which arriue here for v* most
part very Vnseasonably in Winter, finde neither Guest house Inne, nor
any y° like place to shroud themselues in at their arriuall, noe not soe
much asa stroake giuen towards any such charitable worke soe y* many
of them by want hereof are not onely seen dyinge vnder hedges & in
the woods but beinge dead ly some of them for many dayes Vnregarded
& Vnburied.

8 Toy’ first they Answere that the winter is the most healthfull time & season
for arrivall of new Cofiers True itt is y* as yett theris noe Guesthouse or place
of interteynm‘ ef {for Strangers. Butt wee averr y‘ itt was a late intent
and had by this time been putt in practise to make a generall gatheringe for
the buildinge of such a Convenient house w™ by this time had been in good
forwardnes had itt not pleased God to suffer this Disaster to fall out by the
Indians. But although there be no publique Guesthouse yett are new Commers
entertayned and lodged & pvided for by y® Gouerno" in pryvate houses; And
for any dyinge in the feilds (through this defecte) & lyinge vnburied, wee are
altogether ignorant, yett y‘ many dy suddenly by y° hand of God, wee often
see itt to fall out euen in this flourishinge & plentifull Citty in y° middest of
our streets, as for dyinge vnder hedges theris noe hedge in all Virginia. [276]

4 The Colony was this winter in much distress of victuall soe that
English meale was soulde at y° rate of thirtie shillings a bushell their
owne natiue Corne called Maize at ten and fifteen shillings the bushell,
The w™ howsoever itt lay heauy vppon y° shoulders of y® Generallytie
it may be suspected not to be vnaffected by some of y° cheife, for they
only haueinge the means in these extremities to trade for Corne with
y° Natiues doe herby ingrosse |jall|] into their hands and soe sell y‘ abrode
at their owne prices, & my selfe haue heard from the mouth of a prime
one amongst them y‘ hee would neuer wish y‘ their owne Corne should
be cheaper among them then eight shillings the bushell.

4 True itt is y‘ English meale hath of late since the Massacre been sould for
Tenn pounds of Tobacco y° bushell w* no vnderstandinge man can there value
aboue fifteen shillings sterlinge and here wee finde (wout a Massacre) by
the iudgment of God for our murringe §murmuringe§ att plentie Wheat
hath this yeare been sould and still is in many places at three times the rate
itt hath borne win two or three years last past: And againe Indian Corne
hath heretofore comonly been sould after the rate of five shillings the bushell,
And farther meale bore so high a price this year as itt cost redy mony in Eng-
land together w™ the fraight & other charges neer vppon twelue shilling soe
y‘ if itt were sould att Tenn pounds of Tobacco ther will not be gayned twenty
in the hundred.

APRIL 30, 1623 am, 383

5 Ther Howses are generally the worst y* euer I sawe y° meanest Cot-
tages in England beinge euery way equall (if not superior) with y°
moste of the best, And besides soe improuidently and scattringly are
they seated one from an other as partly by their distance but especially
by the interpositon of Creeks and Swamps as they call them they offer
all aduantages to their sauadge enimys & are vtterly depriued of all
suddaine recollection of themselues yppon any tearmes whatsoeuer.

5. ffirst that the houses there were most built for vse and not for ornament Answero
and are soe farr from beinge soe meane as they are reported y‘ throughout his

Ma*: Dominions here, all labouringe mens houses (w™ wee cheifly pfesse our

selvs to be) are in no wise generally for goodnes to be compared vnto them

And for the houses of men of better Ranke and quallety they are soe much

better and convenyent y‘ noe man of quallety w™out blushinge can make
excepton against them; Againe for the Creeks and Swamps every man ther

that cannott goe by Land hath either a Boate or a Conoa for y° Conveyinge &

speedy passage to his neighbo™ house. As for Cottages ther are none in Vir-

ginia that they knowe.

6 I found not y° least peec of ffortification, Three Peeces of Ordinance
onely mounted at Iames Citty and one at fflowerdue Hundred but neuer
a one of them seruiceable Soe that itt is most certaine y‘ a smale Barke
of one hundred Tunns may take its time to pass vp the Riuer in spite
of them & coffiinge to an Anchor before the Towne may beate all their
houses downe aboute their eares, & so forceinge them to retreat into y*
Woods may land vnder y° fauour of their Ordinance, & rifle y° Towne
at pleasure.

6 Itt is true theris as yett no other artificiall ffortificatons then Pallisadoes Answere
wherof allmoste everie Plantaton hath one, & divers of them hath Trenches,

And this last yeare Capt Eache was sent for y‘ purpose As for great Ordi-

nance there are fower peeces mounted att Iames Citty and all serviceable, ther

are six Mounted att flowerdue hundred all of them likewise serviceable, And

three mounted att Kiccoutan and all of them serviceable, there are likewise

att Newporte Newes three all of them serviceable ther are likewise att Henrico

seaven peeces and att Charles hundred two, and in other places, besides ffowlers

and Murders att divers places.

7 Expectinge accordinge to their printed Bookes a great forwardnes
of diuers & sundry Comodities, At myne arriuall I found not any one
of them so much as in any towardnes of being ffor y*® Iron workes
were vtterly vasted, & y° men dead, The ffurnaces for Glass and Pots
at a stay, & in asmale hope, As for y* rest they were had in a generall

Answere.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

derision euen amongst themselues, and y° Pamphlets y‘ had published
there beinge sent thither by Hundreds wer laughed to scorne, and euery
base fellow boldly gaue them y°® Lye in diuers perticulers, Soe that
Tobacco onely was y° buisines & for ought y‘ I coulde here euery man
madded vppon y‘ and lyttle thought or looked for else any thinge else.

7 That y° Country yeilds dive™ vsefull & rich Coffodities w™ by reason of
y° Infancie of y° Plantaton, and this vnexpected Massacre, cannot yett be
brought to pfeccon, & is no lesse hindred by y® emulous and envious reports
of ill willers whose pryvate ends by time wilbe discouered and by God recom-
penced. And wee doe further answer y‘ this Country is a moste fruitfull
Country, & doth certainly pduce divers rich Comodities. Itt is true y* the
Ironworks are wasted & y®° men dead, but y* was by the Massacre w™ if itt
had not happened ther had been a good proofe of y* Comodity. for y® works
wer in a very great forwardnes. As for Vines likewise ther were dive™ Vine-
yeards planted in sundry places butt all of them putt back by y® Massacre,
butt for |the|| peoples derydinge of these Comodities or ||the|| books sent by
y°® Comp*: wee have neuer heard of any such scoffinge or derisions butt as the
Gouernor and Counsell ther are very desirous and haue sett forth Proclama-
fons to cause all men to sett both Vines and Mulbery Trees, so y* people
generally are very desyrous & forward to rayse those former Coffiodities of
Wine and Silke, & likewise divers other good Comodities. [277]

8 I found y*® Antient Plantations of Henrico, & Charles Citty wholly
quitted and lefte to y° spoile of y® Indians who not onely burned y®
houses saide to be once y° best of all others, but fell Vppon y° Poultry,
Hoggs, Cowes, Goates, and Horses wherof they killed great numbers to
y° greate greife as well as ruine te ||of|| ye Olde Inhabitants, whoe stick
not to affirme y‘ these were not onely y° best and healthiest parts of all
others but might allsoe by their naturall strength of scituaton haue
been y® most easefully preserued of all ethers ||the rest].

9 Wheras accordinge to his Ma“**: gratious Letters Patents his People
in Virginia are as neer as possibly may be to be gouerned after y°
excellent Lawes and Customes of Englande. 1 founde in y® Gouerm‘
there not onely ignorant & enforced strayings in diuer particulers but
willfull & intended ones; Insomuch as some who vrged due conform-
ity were ||hauel] in contemp' been tearmed men of Lawe, and were
excluded from those rights which by orderly proceedings they were
elected and sworne vnto here.

10 There haninge been as it is thought not fewer then Tenn thousand
soules transported thither ther are not through the afore named abuses

APRIL 30,9008 © © gem 385

and neglects aboue Two thousand of them at y° present to be found
aliue, many of them alsoe in a sickly and desperate estate: Soe y‘ itt
may vudoubtedly be expected, y* vnlesse y® Confusions and pryuate
ends of some of y® Company here, and y° bad executions in secondinge
them by their Agents there be redressed with speed, by some diuine and
supreame hand, that in steed of a Plantaéon it will shortly gett y°

name of a Slaughterhouse, and soe iustly become both odious to our ~

selues and contemptible to all the worlde.

All these wee leave to be answered by the Gouerno’ and Company some of
them beinge vnfitt to be determyned of by vs. And for y® last wee being
ignorant how many haue been transported or are now lyvinge there.

Wee whose names are herevnder and hereafter written have vyppon mature
deliberaton & after full examinaéon and consideraton of the premises drawne
vpp these answers beinge such as wee finde in our consyencies to be true, and
shall att all times iustifie them vppon our oathes In wittnes wherof wee have
herevnder sett our hands.

I William Mease Mynister haveinge lived tenn years in Virginia jand|| affirme
all the answeres aboue except that of the Ordinance and Pallisadoes.
William Mease.

I Marmaduke Raynor haue gone 3 seuerall times M’ of Ships to Virginia and
lived 16 monneths there together and affirme all the answers aboue
Marmaduke Rayner.

I Iohn Procter haue lived 14 Years in Virginia & doe affirme all the answers
aboue except that of the Ordinance and Pallysadoes but I knowe ther are |is|
neer vppon 20 peeces of Ordinance.

Iohn Procter.

I William Ewens have gone M’ of Ships to Virginia 4 seuerall times & lived
one wholl year ther or ther aboutes, and affirme all the answers aboue except
that of the Ordinance and Pallisadoes.

William Ewens. [278]

I Iames Carter M* of y® Trueloue doe affirme all the answers within written
butt y* I haue not seen the Ordnance att Henrico and Charles Citty butt all
the rest I have.

Tames Carter.

I Gregory Pearle hauinge been Maistersmate and lived in Virginia 16 monneths
doe affirme all the answers win written save that I have not seen the Ordi-
nance att Henrico and Charles Citty

Gregory Pearle.
16456—voL. 2—06——25 eory

Answere

386

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

I William Green betwee Chirurgion in the Temperance haveinge lived 17
monneths in Virginia doe affirme all the answers win written except y* I
have not seen the Ordnance att Henryco.

William Green |Surgeon].

I Henry Hitch Chirurgion of y* lames haveinge been 2 seu%all times in Virginia
and lived att one time there about 5 monneths doe affirme all the Answers win
written save y* I know not of y* Matters about lames Citty.

Henry Hitch.

I Edward Sanders haueinge lived 3 years in Virginia doe affirme all the
answers within written except that of the Ordinance and Pallysadoes und other

matters y* aboue Paspahay.
The marke of E S Edward Sanders

I Iohn Dennis M* of y° Marmaduk affirme all y* answers within written except
y* of the Guesthouse y°® Ordinance, & y* Palisadoes.
John Dennis.

I Tobias Felgate haue gone M’* and Mate of Ships 5 times to Virginia & affirme
all the Answers jjaboue] except that of the Ordinance onely.
Tobias Felgate.

I Samuell Mole haue lived 3 years or ther aboutes in Virginia beinge a

Chirvrgion and affirme all the Answers within written save that [ have not

sene the Ordinance att Henrico & Charles Citty nor haue been in Henrico.
Samuell: Mole.

I Thomas Prosser haue gone 3 times M™ Mate to Virginia and have lived att

one time aboue 3 qtrs of a year there & affirme all the answers w“in written

save-y'_haue-net-seen |lexcept of that off y° Ordnance & Pallysadoes.
Thomas Prosser.

I Robert Dodson haueinge been twice in Virginia |do] affirme all the answers
win written for all matters from lames Citty Downeward saveinge y‘ I doe

not knowe of y° Proclamagéons for Vines.
Robert Dodson.

I Maurice Thompson haue liued 6 years in Virginia doe affirme all y® answers
win written saue y‘ I know not enything of the Ordinance att fflowerdue

hundred nor att Henrico and Charles Citty.
Maurice Tompson.

1 Iohn Snoade haveinge lived 3 years and halfe in Virginia doe affirme all y*
answers nd written ace or iioee y" I Shave not seen§ y° Ordnance and
: SARE : aspehey att fflowerdue Hundred |jand|

Henrico ~~ Charles City.

|Iohn Snoad.| [279]

APRIL R0pAAGRB., em 387

And it was further ordered, that this their Answere should be pre-
sented to y° Comission™ when they should sitt.

There was likewise read the attestaGon of one John Seuerne and one
Iohn Lowe, being as followeth.’

Iohn Seuerne Maisters mate of the Iames affirmeth, that cominge onemorninge .-
to Captaine |Natha] Butler for some monny due to him from the said Cap-
taine, hee the said Captaine brought a Writinge in bis hand sayinge hee had
been w" the Kinge and protested that the writinge was for the good of the
Contry and desyred him the said Iohn Seuerne to sett his hand there vnto and
began to read some of itt butt the said Seuerne beinge in great hast did not
attend the matter nor give ear what itt was butt sett his hand to the writinge,
esteeminge and conceivinge Cap‘ Butler to be a ||verie| worthy man but since
vnderstanding y‘ itt was a writinge in disgrace of the Country the said Iohn
Seuerne doth Disavowe the said writinge, as vntrue, and protesteth that hee
vppon his Oath must say the contrary.
This 28 of Aprill—1623. gee... ; John Seue'ne.

lohn Lowe Boatswaine of the James cominge alonge w™ John Seuerne to Cap*:
Butler sett his hand likewise to the writinge esteeminge Cap‘ Butler to bea
verie worthy gentleman and heard not but a few lines onely of y° said writinge
read wout markinge itt, butt now hee vnderstandinge y‘ itt was a writinge
in Disgrace of the Country hee Disauoweth his said handwritinge, and protest-
eth that vppon his Oath hee must say the contrary.

This 28: of Aprill 1623. , — Iohn Lowe.

It being moued that Capt Butler might haue a copie of this Answere
deliuered him, the Court by erecéon of hand¢ denyed it, vntill such
time as the Comission” sitting, it might be first presented vnto them.

After this was read the Letter written to the Gouerno’ and Counsell
in Virginia, being the selfe same in all pointe w™ that w™ had beene
confirmed in Two former Court€, except an addiéon signifying the
breach of y® Contract directly according to their Lo” comaund.?

Whereas it was signifyed, that the Lo: Treasuror out of his noble
respect and fauour vnto the Companies made offer, that they should
1These attestations are entered in the handwriting of Thomas Collett (?).

2 The Order in Council disallowing these former letters is referred to in List of Records, No. 476,
Vol. I, page 171, ante.

388 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

haue y°® farming of y® 40000 w" of Spanish Tobacco at y* rent of Six
thousand pound¢ p Anu. for Two, Three or more yeares, as them-
selues should thinke good: It was after Long debate adiudged impossi-
ble for the Generall Companies (hauing noe Stock) to vndertake the
same. Wherevpon diuers Proposiéons were made, some supposing it
might be done w™ Loane mony, if men would lend the Company some
mony for a yeare Gratis; And to this end the Earle of Warwick offered
to Lend One hundred poundé, 8’ Nathaniell Rich One hundred pounde;
m' Ditchfield ffiftie pound¢, & m* Woodall ffiue & Twenty pounde.

M' Caning likewise made a Proposition, that a Booke might be drawne
w" a Preamble for men to vnderwrite what somes they will aduenture
toward¢ a Ioint stock for bringing in the aforesayd quantity of 40000
wt, he supposing that—8000"—would manage [280] the busines. And
in reguared for y° better reputaton of this busines, it would be neces-
sary to haue y* aid and assistance of the Companies, the Vndertakers
out of their cleere gaynes should giue the Company a fourth part.
W" Proposition was generally well approued of, if it could be effected,
and thought fitt to be referred to a Comittee to consider thereof; as
also to consider of all other wayes, how y° farming of this 40000 w*
might be soe vndertaken as y* same might be beneficiall vnto y* Com-
panies. Wherevpon y*® Court nominated for y* Comittee these follow-
ing viz"

Ea: of Warwick. Aldfan Tohnson. m’” Wilmer.
Lo: D’Lawarr. m’ Gibbs. Cap: Butler.
S* Ed: Sandis. m’ Io: fferrar. m* Bennett
S' Io: Dauers. m’ Nich: fferrar. m' Moorer.
S' Nath: Rich. m’ Morrice Abbott. m’ Scott.
S' Sam: Argoll. m* Caninge. m’* Edw: Iohnson.
S' Io: Bourchier. m’ Palavicine. m’* Edwarde.
S' To: Wolstenholme. Cap: Haruy. m’ Ditchfield.
m* Woodall.

Vpon moéon order was giuen for Drawing Vp Two Comissions, the
one at the request of m‘ Bennett for his shipp called the Godsguift
being to transport Passengers to Virginia, and the other Comission at
y® request of m’ Thomas Shiers & his Associat€ for the William &

APRIL S0yARAB 8 2 Pe 389

Thomas for transporting of Passengers to theirowne Plantaéon. W™
Comissions were ordered to be drawne vp & sealed.

M’ Deputy propounded the passing of three shares from m‘ Scott to
m’ Thomas Culpepper of y*° Middle Temple London Esq, that if noe
excepéon be taken hereat, betweene this & y* next Court he may be
admitted.

Vpon the humble request of Iames Dauies, the Court hath ordered
that vpon proofe made, that he is y® imediate heire to his deees
deceased vnekle Walter Dauies, his petigon shalbe recomended to the
Gouernour & Counsell of Virginia, that he may haue the possession
of that estate, that is befallen him there by the death of his said
vuckle, w™ this Caution that if y* Peticon" hath any Brothers or Sis-
ters Liuing, they shall haue their part¢ in y° Good¢ according to lawe.

At a Court HOLDEN FOR y? SuMER ILANDS ON
WEDENSDAY IN Y" AFTERNOONE THE LAST OF
APRILL 1623.

Bas ot sea
[ Blank space. }

The Virginia Court held this Afternoone being ended and the Lo:

.Cauendish takeing the Chaire his Lo? propounded vnto y* Sumer
Tland€ Company the busines referred vnto y°® Comittee appointed by
[281] the Virginia Court, namely, for considering of a course how to
rayse a lointstock for bringing in of 40000 wt of Spanish Tobacco;
w™ course this Court well approued of & therevpon added to y* former
Comittee these following viz"

m’ Meuerell ' m’ Roberte
m’ Wheatly » and
m’ Caswell m’ Geo: Smith.

390 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M’ Bennett moued, that his Shipp y* Gods Guift might haue Leaue in
her way to Virginia, to touch at y° Sumer Iland¢. W request y’
Court yeilded vnto.

Memorand that

After the rising of y® Virginia Court this day being y° Last of Aprill,
Iames Dauies brought these Two wittnesces to proue that he was y°
imediate heire to his deceased vnckle Walter dauies that dyed in his
passage to Virginia, viz** Rebecca Darris widdowe aged 66 dwelling in
S' Thomas Lane in Southwarke, and Alice Dauies his Kinswoman aged
20 yeares servant to m‘ Richardson in Duck Lane a minister; they
(hauing taken oath before S* Io: Dauers, S* Edward Lawly & m" Nich’
fferrar) testifyed, that the said Iames Dauies was y* next & imediat
heire of the aforesayd Walter Dauies deceased.

A Court HELD FOR VIRGINIA AND Y* SUMER
InaAND€ ON WEDENSDAY IN Y" AFTERNOONE
THE 7" or May 1623.

PRESENT

right hono™ Ea: of Southton.
Ea: of Dorsett.
Lo: Cauendish.

Lo: Dauers.
Lo: Pagett.
8S’ Edw: Sackuill. S* Edw: Sandis Iuf.
S' Hum: May. S' Nich: Tufton.
S' Sam: Sandis. | S* Io: Ogle.
S' Edw: Sandis. S' ffra: Leigh.
S' Ro: Killegrue. - S' Edw: Spencer.
S' Io: Dauers. S* Tho: Wroth.

S* Edw: Horwood. S' Sam: Argoll.

Doctor Dun.

Aldfan Iohnson.

m’ Nich: Hide.
m’ Gibbs.

m’* Deputy.

m* Tomlins.
m’ Herbert.

m1 Binge.

m’ Palavicine.
m’ Io: fferrar.
mn" Io: Smith.

m’ Wolstenholme.

m’* White.

m’ Berblock.
m’ Ro: Smith.
m’ Balmford.
m’* Copland.
m’ Bromfield.
m’* Withers.
m’ Witherall.
m’ Bland.

m' Downes.
m’ Caswell.
m’* Meuerell.
m* Swinhoe.
m’ Kirby.

m’ Ditchfield.

MAY 7, 1623

m’ Moore.
m’ Sheppard.
m’ Sherroe.
m’ Bickly.
m’* Hobbs.
m’ Boothby.
Cap: Gifford.
m’ Seaward.
m’ Couell.
m* Moorer.
m’ Leauer.
m* Woodall.
m* Mullins.
m’‘ ffreake.
m’ Barker.
m1’ Tatam.
m’ Proctor.

m* Widdowes.

mn’ Collett.
m* Moorer.
m’ Viner.
m* Robert¢.
m’ Jadwine.
Cap: Haruy.
m’ Ewens.
m* Sparrowe.
m’ Weake.
m’ Swayne.
m’* Palmer.

m’ Owen Arthur.
m* Ley.

m’ Scott.

m* Ed: Bennett.
m’ Budge.

m* Mease.

m’ Piers.

m’ Buckeridge.

m’ Hurd.

m’ Tobias ffelgate.
m’ Reinard.

m* Newport.

m’ ffothergill.

m’* Emerson.

in’ ffr: Waterhouse.
m* Ley.

m* Baynham.

m’* Bull.

m’ Wiseman.

mn’ Stone.

m’ Shiers.

m’ Perry.

m’* Hackett.

m* Webb.

m’ Geo: Smith.
m’ Baron.

with diuers others
to y* nomber of
115.||psons|| [282]

391

Vpon a mocon that s’ Morrice Barklyes sonne and heire might in his
fathers right of Aduenture be made free and admitted into this
Society. The Court by a generall erec@on of hand¢€ graunted him his
freedome & admittance accordingly.

The Court held the Three and twentith of Aprill being now read, was
by a generall erecGon of hande€ (noe one dissenting) approued and

confirmed.

392 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Court likewise of y° ffiue and twentith of Aprill being read was
by a generall erecéon of hand¢€ approued & confirmed.

The Court also of y® Last of Aprill being read, was by a generall
erecéon of hand¢ approued & confirmed.

S' Edward Sackuill said, that the Counsell hauing obserued a very
full Court to be now assembled, a great many of whome had beene
Long absent in the Country, & now desired to be informed of y*
passage of busines, did thinke fitt to §giue§ them an Account of the
Companies proceedings since their departure, & had in perticuler
desired him to acquaynt them, that the Contract concerninge Tobacco
was by order of y® LL’ of y® Priny Counsell dissolued; whose pleasure
Likewise it was, that publiq, notice should be giuen thereof.

The Lo: Cauendish acquaynted the Court, that after the dissoluéon
of y® Contract, when the Companies supposed all things quiett, there
was by Alderman Johnson & those others, that had opposed the Con-
tract deliuered vnto his Ma“ a very bitter & grievous petiGon against
y° Gouernem' & carriage of y° Company these ffoure Last yeares.
And at y° same tyme Capt Butler likewise presented to his Ma’ a
Declaracon of the State of Virginia, w™ he tearmed the Vnmaskinge
of y° Colony: w™ Two things his Lo? said, had beene y°® cause of
much trouble & Labour in y® Company. And therevpon his Lo?
briefly acquaynted the Court, what had passed herevpon both w™ his
Ma‘ & y°® LL’ of y® Priuy Counsell, as also in y® Court€ and Comit-
tees. Wherevpon y° Court generally desired that all y® writings and
answeres might be read, to the intent that things might be fully &
perfectly vnderstood & receaue either additéon or amendm‘ as cause
should be. Wherevpon was read

1. The petiton deliuered to his Ma‘* by Aldfan Iohnson and his
Associate.

2. Then y° Informaéon deliuered to his Ma“ by Capt Butler termed
by him y® Vnmaskinge of y® Colonie in Virginia.

3. Then the Companies petiéon to his Ma“ touching y* issue of Aldfan
Johnsons petiéon for a Comission of enquiry & examinaéon.

MAT VW, 1M Were ro 393

4. Then the Companies Declaraton of y* present State of Virginia
deliuered to his Ma™. [283]

5. Then the Relation of y° Companies proceedings in their Courté
deliuered likewise to his Ma”.

6. Then y°® Campanian Answere to Aldfan Johnsons petiéon, ain as
followeth viz"

An answere to a Petition deliuered to his Ma* by Alderman Iohnson in
the names of sundry Aduenturers and Planters of Virginia and Suffer
Ilands Plantagons.*

The ground worke of y° Petigon is founded vpon a Threefould information.
The ffirst that in the former Gouerm*‘ of the Companies (viz‘) vnder S" Thomas
Smith as Gouernor, and m* Canning and himselfe as Deputies for soe hee
intendeth the Gouerm' was discreet & milde, wherby all sortes of men were
envyted to engage themselvs in that great and difficult Action w™ therby
peeeded in a most hopefull and comfortable course w™ vnitie and love Con-
trarywise they know not how itt is of late years com to pass y‘ vnitie and peace
here att home is turned to Civill discord and Diséention and divers of the
Antient Adventurers and Planters conceive themselvs many waies iniured
abused and oppressed.

Whervnto is answered that this Informaéon is §in both pts$ most vntrue, for
although his Ma" by his gracious letters Pattents hath given authorytie to the
said Comp*: to make Lawes and orders aswell for the well gouerm* of the
Companies here att home as allso fer §of§ the Colonies abrode, w direccon
therin the §to§ followe the forme of Gouerment Lawes and pollycie of this
Realme of England as neer as may be; Yett all those Twelue years therwas no
care taken for the bringinge of the same to the intended & desyred effect: ffor
first of all his Ma": pticularr Instructons for Gouerm': were cleane supprest
and extinguished, and the Originall nowe not extant noe orders were made for
the Gouerment of the Company here vnless now and then one, vppon present
Occasion. And as for y*° Gouerment abrode in the Plantaéons itt was for the
most pt lefte to the Gouerno™ absolute pleasure and power onely insteed of a
bodie of moderate Lawes agreeable to the Gouerment in this Realme; there
was printed here & w™ great hono’ Dedicated to S’ Thomas Smith & after-
ward¢€ sent by him to Virginia wout the Companies Consent a Booke of most
Tyrannycall Lawes written in blood w™ although they might serve for Ma’shall
Gouerm* in time of Warr beinge translated as they were most of them from
the §martiall§ Lawes of y° vnited Provinces; Yett was the same farr from y°

1This answer to the petition, barring the caption, is in the autograph of Thomas Collett (?).

394

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Milde Gouerment Comended here by the Petitoners and both att home deterred
all men from goinge in pson to live there vnder such Truculent Lawes and in
Virginia were the cause of the vniust and vndeserved death of sundry of his
Ma*: subiects, And moreouer putt such a weapon into the hand of the then
Gouerno’ a kinseman of S* Thomas Smith as wherby hee in a manner spoyled
and destroyed the wholl Plantaéon as is extant yett to be seen by the Ires of
S* Thomas Smith himselfe & y* said Alderman Iohnson.

The effect was y‘ in that Plantaton after the expenc of 80000 pounds of y°
publique Stocke and vpward, The Colony was then wasted to a few hundred
of psonns no provisions beinge made by wives for posteritie and those also w™
remayned had no intent to pceed in the Plantaton beinge destitude of ffoode
both spirituall and temporall, cryinge outt vppon the Company for iniustice
and crueltie and sometimes vppon dispayre beinge all shipped [284] to returne
att other times vppon revenge adoptinge to themselvs newe Patrons against
their ill Gouerment. And here att home the Adventurers who att the first as
to a new matter came plentifully §in§ In fine vtterly abandoninge the Courts
and Acéon refusinge to make payments of their monneys subscribed and beinge
sued for the same pleaded in Chancery vppon their Oathes that the monneys
wer not converted to the vse intended butt to particuler mens gaines and that
ther were no Accompts kept in order, and to be seen a thinge contrary to y°®
express charge in his Ma“ said Instrucéons, And this is the true estate of the
saide milde and Discreet Gouerment.

On the Contrary side what hath been done in poynt of Gouerm‘* for these 4
last years may be apparent to all men: Books of Orde™ for the good Gouer-
ment of the Companies heer drawne principally out of the wisdome of his
Ma”™* originall graunts have been compiled and published; The like done in
greatest pt for the Gouerm‘ of the Plantacons for the Dividinge of the Lands
and for the setlinge of Adventurers and Planters in their quyett possessions;
Skore of Preachers have been sent w‘* Competent provisions All w™ brought
soe great Content vnto the Plantacons abroad that y* Colony in Virginia hath
by publique Act in their gen9all Assemblie yeilded thanks to the Company here
for y‘ their Loue, Iustice, and Care,

As for the Discord and dissentéon menconed in the said Petigon true itt is y* in
the Compass of these 4 last years their have been Two great Rents made by
way of opposite ffacdon, the one by Alderman Iohnson being called on for his
Accompts for w™ in regard of his place hee was very moderately censured.
And the other by m* Wrote vppd other pryvate discontent for w™ hee hath
been lately suspended from the Courts. Ther hath been allso hertofore a fac-
tion raysed in the Counsell for support of a Gouerno’ of Virginia who had

MAY 7, 1683 395

ransaked the Plantaton, Other discord or discention of note ther hath not been
any, and all these raysed by the pt now oppugninge the Companies; The great-
est nomber of whome are seldome seen in y* Court¢, butt vpon occasion of a
Storme & to nourish Discord and ffaction.

As for the Allegaton that divers of the Antient Adventurers and Planters
conceive them selvs to have been iniured abused & oppressed itt cannott be
shewne that the lustice w™ was in the power of the Court€ to give, hath been
denyed to any man much less by pryvate dyrectons and vnderhand tres have
the goods of some particuler psonns in y* Plantatons been taken vyolently
from them contrary to course of Lawe & consigned into the possession of
their Potent adversaries, As hath lately happened in the case of Cap‘ Miles
Kendall who was spoyled by Cap‘ Butler of 14 Negroes graunted to him by a
Captaine of Holland havinge Comission from the Prince of Orange vnder a
bare and false pretence y‘ they belonged toa Ship called the Treasuror sett
out from Virginia by S* Samuell Argall then Gouernor to prey on the West
Indies as shall be elswere showne.

The second Information by the Petitoners is, That vnder y°® form9 Gou9m* ther
was a quyett entertaynment of the Savadge Indians by w™ sundry of those
Infidles and some of emynent note wer couerted to Christian Religion wheras
of late there hath been a Massacre and Hostillytie between the Natives and
our Colony of Virginia. [285]

Herevnto wee ansvere y* itt is true that Matoar the daughter of Pohatan
being taken Prisoner by Cap‘ Argall and affectinge marriage w one m* Rolf
became a Christian and soe dyed att Grauesend, Other matter of note for con-
version of those Infidells did not happen in those first 12 years duringe w™
time the English were allmost allso in §continuall§ Hostilitie w™ y° Infidells,
And in the last of those 12 years the Chichohonini by sudden assault murdered
Tenn of our People w™ Cap‘ Argall att his cofiinge away lefte vnreuenged
On the other side what and how chargable preparagons have been made in
these laste 4 years for the educatinge of the Infidells Children in Christian
Religion and Civility The Plantaton for the Colledge may sufficiently declare,
ffor Which notw“standinge the late Massacre w fell vppon them ther are yett
remayninge 60 Tenants or theraboutes, and the worke by the Assistance of god
shall againe §in due time§ pceed As for the Hostilitie w™ the Infidells dur-
inge 3: of these last 4 years ther hath not been any wherof yett wee boast not
consideringe that itt lulled the English asleepe in too great securitie and con-
sequently gaue optunitie to y* late bloody Massacre w™ if itt had not happened
these opposers must have been mute haveinge nothinge else wherw™ to dis-
grace the Plantacon.

396

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Third Informaéon is y‘ in the Compass of those first 12 years Staple Com-
odities began to be raysed and imported into this Kingdome, as Iron, Stur-
gion, Caveare, Sope and Pottashes, Masts for Ships, Clapbourd, Pipestaues,
Waynscott, Wyne Pitch and Tarr and that most desyred worke of Silkwormes,
wheras in the latter years the foresaid Comodities doe not appeare.

The answere is that this Informaton or obieccon doth strongly reflect. vppon
the obiector himselfe for if itt be true w™ wee deny not save onely for Iron y*
some samples of these Comodities by the Industry of S* Tho: Dale were sent
home in y® 9“ and tenth year of those 12 first years; how happened itt that in
the last two years vnder’ y* Gouerment of Capt Argall there appeared none,
The reason is apparant for the magazine beinge then on foote wherof the said
Alderman Iohnson was Director, itt pleased him to sett noe price vppon any
other Comoditie, saue Tobacco and Sassafras, beinge Comodities of his owne
Trade, and for y® greatest pt wherof hee became the Companies Chapman,
wherby all the endeavours for those other Comodities were abandoned and the
Colony possessed of y‘ Dotinge affection to Tobacco, w™ ye Compa: in these
latter years notw“standinge their sundry Charters, Instruc@ons and generall
Tres for restrayninge therof could never since extinguish; On the Contrary pt
in these last 4 years what hath been pformed from time to time by the excess-
ive charge and care of the Company, In settinge vpp of Ja Iron works;
Vine yeards Silke and other Comodities shalbe elswhere att large declared,
and would by this time have manyfestly appeared, to the world had not the
late Generall Massacre given them a sore interrupton w™ notw"standinge by
the Divine Assistance shalbe shortly renued.

Now forasmuch as Alderman Iohnson pretendeth y° said Informagon & y° Peti-
tion ensuinge itt to ayme att noe other end butt y‘ after the worke of some
necessary reformacon the worke allso of the Plantaton may be renued pceed
and prosp; Wee are forced herin to detect his vncleer pceedings for itt wilbe
iustified against him by vndenyable proofe, that hee |hath| laboured of late
by strange and most vntrue allegagons to discourrage some psonns of very good
quallytie from fauoringe of this worke or pceedinge in itt, hee hath found
fault w™ such as hath coffended the Country soe much extolled by himselfe
formerly in sundry his printed treatises pfessinge that ye world had been
deluded by Virginia; Hee hath said that ther are two many of our nation there
alredy, that the Staple Comodities spoken of will com to nothinge; That the
Iron was a base Comodity and would not pay |for|| ye fraight That the grapes
were sower and the Clymate not prop for wine; That y° Mulberie-Trees
in Virginia have a prickle in their leaves w™ destroyed the Silkworms when

1 The first evidence of erasure in the MS. is found in this place, with the words ‘‘vnder y* Gouer.”’

MAY 7, 1623 © ao 397

itt grew to biggnes; And as for convertinge of the Infidells itt was an attempt
impossible they being descended of y° cursed race of Cham; Now whether a
pson of this disposiéon be a fitt Instrument for y° workinge out of y° good of
y° Plantatons, wee leaue itt to all cleer & vnpartiall mindes to iudge.

Touchinge y° Petition itt selfe for examinaéon & reformaéon of all abuses y*
Companies doe therin willingly concurr w™ y° Petioconers saue y‘* they cannot
but dislike y° petitioners too great ptiallytie who desire onely y* y° Acompts
since S‘ Tho: Smiths time may be examyned w“ have been allwaies kept fairly
accordinge to y° orders of Court¢€ (exceptinge by one onely of y° Petitoners
society) And for y° Accomp“ of y° former years pass them ouer in sylence w™
are 3 times as greate and thrise 3 times more questionable: Butt y° Iustice of
y° Hono™: Bourd hath reformed their partiallytie. [286]

7. Then y°® answere of diuers Planters M™ of Ships & Marriners to
Capt Butlers Informaéon to y° King.

8. Then the attesta¢on of Seuerne and Lowe how they were drawne
by Capt Butler to subseribe to his Informaéon.

9. Then the Companies answere to Capt Butlers dismasking of Vir-
ginia being as followeth viz":

A true answere toa writinge of Informaéon presented to his Ma‘* by
Cap: Nath: Butler intituled

The vnmasked face of our Colonie in Virginia as it was in y° winter of
y® yeare 1622.'

This Informaéon conteyning matter of most important quallity, touching that
PlantaGon, and such as if the same should be found to be true aot onely all
former expence were vtterly lost, butt itt were in vayne or (to speake more
pperly) a shame and sinn to peeed in sendinge any further Supplies of people
to parts soe generally contagious as to be compared to the most vnsound and
most vnhealthy parts of this Realme and wher the mayne River is so shallowe,
that the people beinge enforced to a continuall wadinge and wettinge of them-
selvs about the Landinge of their goods, gett such vyolent surfeits cold vppon
Cold as selldome leave them till they leave to live. Ware the very words
of y‘ informaéon And this Informaéon haveinge been spread by the said Capt
Butler and his frends not onely ouer all pts of y° Citty butt allso into diuers pts
of y° Country adioyninge to ye vtter disgrace of ye Plantagon and discour-
ragment of all new Adventurers and Plante™ wherof many of good quallytie

1 This answer, barring the heading, is in the autograph of Thomas Collett (7). A part of this doc-
ument is in the British Museum, Sloane, 1039, f. 92. List or Records, No. 491, Vol. I, page 173, ante.

398

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

were now in plparinge. The Company have thought itt their duty in the first
place and w™ their greatest care to consider’ exactly of the quallytie of the’
said Information in poynt of trueth or otherwise.

To w™ end haveinge assembled divers psonns of good Creditt lately com from
Virginia wherof one a Mynister who hath lived there Tenn years others of
good quallytie y* have lived there some of them 14 years and other some 6
years and others more or lesse, and the rest beinge Maisters of Ships and
Marriners w™ others wherof sundry of them hath been there often times and
are throughly acquainted w™ the River and all parts of y° Colony and the said
Comp* earnestly desyringe them to sett downe the trueth of their knowledge
in writinge, and in such sorte as they will allwaies be redy to iustifie the same
vppon their Oathes the said psons beinge to* ||the]] Nomber |lof|| 16, have done
accordingly and sett downe their answers to the Seaven firste Articles of the
said information as appeareth by the writinge here vnto annexed subscribed
w™ their hands by w™ writinge and answers itt doth plainely appeare that the
said Informaéon is in all the materiall parts therof most vntrueand may seeme
to have been purposely framed by the said Capt: Butler to raise distemper and
trouble in the Companies for y°® Plantacons y‘ therby bringinge althings here
to confusion himselfe might as in the darke escape those deserved censures and
punishm™: w™ for his evill Gouerment in the So: Ilands & many intollerable
oppressions, and principally for his wdrawinge of himselfe by his suddaine
and disorderly flight from the examynaéon of that important buisines of the
Spanish wrack, by a Comission sent thither for that purpose hee hadd cause to
feare, w™ Comission beinge sent thither not onely vppon promise to the Span-
ish Ambassado’ and for his iust sattisfacton butt allso by especiall order of the
LL: of his Ma“: most hono”®: Pryvy Counsell by the Acte and practise of the
said Cap‘ Butler and other his frends here who gaue him warninge therof,
remaines in greatest pt defeated and deluded. [287]

And touchinge y° last 3 Articles of §y° said§ Cap* Butlers informaton wher
vnto the said 16 psonns say they cann make no Answere the same beinge either
aboue or w“out the Compass of their knowledge, the Company for the present
Returne this Answere in breife.

To y° first of them beinge the 8" Article and conteyninge onely a discripton

of Devastaton of Two Plantacons called Henrico & Charles Citty by the late

Massacre by the Infidles, w™ might easily indeed haue been preserved if the

said Massacre had been foreseen or feared; The Company can say no more butt
1 Written over the word ‘‘censure’’ by Collingwood.

? Written over the word “‘this’’ by Collingwood.
*The word “to” written over ‘‘in”’ by Collingwood.

a a ame sae

MAY 7, 1623 a 399

y* itt was the vnavoydable Calamytie of such a Treacherous Warr but y° Planta-
Zons as they hope are againe restored accordinge to express order given from
hence to the Colony.

To y° 9” Article conteyninge a Complainte of the new Gouerm* now in Vir-
ginia they haue noe cause to give any Creditt to the said Information; The

same in appearance beinge grounded vppon the said Captaines Discontent, and —

for y' hee was not accepted there to sitt in Counsell w™ them where to hee
could plead neither right nor deserte.

To y° last Article beinge a conclusion of all his former misinformationns w™
additon allso of some new vutruths they say that ther were never sent aboue
6000: to Virginia w™ is short 4000 of his informaéon And y* in the first 12
year€ by the best Computaton that can now be made ther haveinge been no
Accompt then kept |either| of their names or nombers ther were not sent
aboue 2500: att the vtmoste wherof there dyed 500 att Sea.

They say allso that notwithstandinge the late Massacres and the great mor-
tality w hath since ensued occasioned by the effects of the said Massacre
there are yett remayninge alive ef |in|| that Colony |of'| Virginia to the nom-
ber of about 2500 psonns wherof good proofe is to be made and y* y° forsaken
Plantatons are againe in restoringe and the Staple Comodities setting vpp
againe accordinge to the orders from hence, Butt touchinge his last clause of
the Confusions and pryvate ends of some of the Company here, and the bad
executions in secondinge them by their Agents there they desire that hee may
be Comaunded to discouer the same in pticuler befor y° Comissioners appoynted:
And in the meane time they ptest against itt as Calumnious and slanderous
and of the selfe same truth w™ the rest of his Informations.

After w* m’* Berblock desired, that a short passage of 8S’ Tho Dales
tre to S' Tho: Smith might be read w™ he had found pvsing the
Bookes by order of y* Court; Wherevpon it was read, being as fol-
loweth (viz")

Lett me tell yo" all at home this one thinge, and I pray remember it,
(if you giue ouer this Country and loose it, yo" with your wisedomes
will leape such a gugion as our state hath not done the like, since
they lost y° Kingdome of ffraunce: be not gulled with the clamorous
reports of base people: beleiue Caleb and Iosuah, if the glory of god

1 Written over the word ‘‘in.’’

Dated Iune 1613. _

400 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

hath noe power with them and the conuersion of these poore Infi-
dells: yet lett y® rich Mammons desires egge them on to inhabite
these Countries. I protest vnto you by y° faith of an honest man,
the more I range the Country, the more I admire it, [288] I haue
seene the best Countries in Europe, I protest vnto you before the
Liuinge God, put them altogether, this Country wilbe equivalent vnto
them, if it be inhabited with good people.

W" report m* Iohn Smith affirmed to agree w™ what he had heard
from his owne mouth deliuered to diuers worthy persons here in
England, protesting from his heart vnfaignedly, that in his iudgm*
out of ffoure of the best Kingdomes in Europe, there could not be
picked out soe much good ground as was in Virginia. W speech in
effect m* Copland also affirmed 8* Tho: Dale to haue spoken to him
at Iapan in y° West Indies.

There was also read part of a Lre of 8’ Samuell Argolls vnto y* Com-
pany in Iuly 1617. comendinge very much the healthines of Iames
Towne, & that it was y° fittest and convenientest place for vnladinge,
being in y° middest of y° PlantaGons, and there being a Bridge to Land
good¢ at all tymes.

The Lo: Cauendish further acquaynted the Companies, that the
Counsell for Virginia and Principall Assistant¢ of y® Sufier Dandes
had vpon Large and serious consideraéon of these plsent distracéons
in y° Company drawne by a certen Declaration, conteyning in their
iudgm‘ One mayne roote of these troubles, w™ they thought fitt to pre-
sent to y° Court, w™ was ordered to be read being as followeth, viz‘

May 7 1623.
A Declaragon made by the Counsell for Virginia and Principall Assist-
ants for y° Sumer Ilandes of their Iudgments touchinge eur fone
originall great cause of the dissentions in y® Companies and present
opposiéons.

His Ma“ Counsell for Virginia being assembled according to y°’ Order of the
Courte of the 23" of Aprill and takinge into consideragon the present Differ-
ences and distractons in the Company and accordinge to their duty entringe

1 The rest of this declaration is in the autograph of Thomas Collett (7).

MAY 7, 1623 401

into a serious consultaton howe to extinguish or Compose the same, that the
worke of the Plantaton may as hertofore proceed and prosper. They have
found in their vnderstandinge that one cheife roote of all these Diuisionns and
of Sundry other Machinatons to the great Detriment of the Plantaéons and
bendinge w'all to a course for dissolucon of the Companies, have pceeded
from some Instrueéens||ments| about the Right Honor™: the Earle of War-
wick who by misinformaéons and false pitences as they conceive abusinge the ©
facilitie and forwardnes of his dispositon for the atchiuinge of their owne
[289] exorbitant purposes, haue enforced them after longe patience now to
discouer the same, while remedie is to be had; least in time the disease growe
remediles.

Itt is therfore first of all to be laide a true grounde that these Instrum about
his Lo”: not content with that Lawfull and orderly benyfitt w™ the Aduen-
turers for the saide Planta¢ons might in a due course and fitt time expect, butt
effectinge a suddaine and extraordinarie wealth by spoylynge of the publique
State of y° Colonies and oppressinge allso of the multitude of perticularr
Planters in them, and beinge not able to run on in a swifte and vninterrupted
current, w“out gayninge allso the Gouerment of y° Companies here att home
into their owne or their assured frends hands & possession wherby to be also
enabled to place Gouerno™ from time to time in the Colonyes abroade, men of
their owne creation and assured to their deuotion, have lefte noe means nor
practise vnattempted duringe the space of divers years past for the bringinge
to effect both of the one and the other.

ffirst therfore in the begining of y° year 1617 §a§ course was taken y‘ Cap*
Argall now S* Samuell Argall an assured follower and fauorite of his Lop:
should be sent w™ the power both of Gouerno’ and Admirall into Virginia
Armed allso w™ the strength and exercise of Marshall Lawe even in the time
of peace, that no man ther might dare to open his mouth in any complainte
against him, wherof hee sett vpp a memorable warninge by example in the
case of Captaine Bruster; Whome for opposinge against his course of destroy-
ing that great Plantaton begunn by the late Lo: D”: Laware and of drawinge
the whole benifitt therof to his owne pryvate advantage hee procured to be
condempned moste vniustly by a Marshalls Courte to deathe. and deliuered
him not from the same butt vppon taking an vniust oath piscribed to him to
this effect.

That hee should not speak ill of Cap* Argalls Gouerm*: nor ever againe returne
into the Teritories of Virginia and to ptect Cap* Argall from beinge called to
an after Account for his Gouerment, vnder shew of a new Plantacon to be sett
vpp in Virginia by the saide Cap’: Argall and his Partners, wherof y° saide

16456—vor 2—06——26

402

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Earle [290] hath since appeared to be one (w™ yet to this day hath hadd no
begininge) ther was procured a Patent to y°® said Captaine and his Associates
for the said New Plantaton Wherby hee and his Company their heirs and
Assignes (saue onely in time of necessary defence by Warr) were exempted
from all power authoritie & iurisditon to be from hence derived or there
established, that soe hee might raigne there as a great and absolute Maister
w" out Lawe or controlement, and w“out the fear of euer beinge called to any
future reckoninge.

Thus furnished w™ exorbitant power and exempéon how hee carrved himselfe
ther in his two yeares Gouerment hath been elswhere att large Declared The
sume is that besides a multitude of particularr wrongs and oppressions; what-
soeuer was remayninge att that time in the Colony belonginge to y°® publique
and beinge the ffruite of ffoureskore Thousande pounds charge hee converted
itt in a manner wholly to his owne pryvate vse and possession; the verie pub-
lique Lands Cultivated, the Companies Tenants and Servants, their Corne,
Rents and Tributes of Corne their Kine and other Cattle, their Stores and Pro-
visions Wherby the Company beinge disabled in all appearance ever to sett upp
the same againe or to bear the great burden of publique charge both att home
and abrode (beinge thus stripped of all revennue) the said Comp*: must have
fayled and decayed, and the wholl Colony in time have fallen into the hands
of the saide Captaine and his Association to be there established w* seemeth
to have been his prime and originall desire. Neither could this Depradaton of
that Colony content but a Ship called the Treasuror sett forth by the said Earle
and sent to Virginia and an olde Comission of hostility from the Duke of Sauoy
against the Spanyards pcured by some means and putt into the hands of the
saide Captaine, The said Treasuror beinge manned w™ the ablest men of the
Colony & new victualled from thence, was sett outt on Rovinge on y° Spanish
Dominions in the West Indies, wher after sundry Actes of Hostilitie comitted
and some purchase gotten shee Returnes to Virginia att the end of tenn
monneths or theraboutes. Butt findinge Cap* Argall the setter of [291] her
out, Depted from thence, shee w“drew herselfe instantlie from the new Gou-
erno™ power and went to y° Somer Ilands then discharginge her booty, In
w were a certaine nomber of Negroes; All w™ even those that belonged as
Shares to y° Marryners (wherof they haue not long since complayned in Court)
were taken and placed on the said Earles Lands, as belonginge to his Lo” and
soe continue.

This course of Capt Argalls sendinge home a strange murmur of Complaints
against him in the Summer i6i8: S' Thomas Smith beinge then Treasurer and
Alderman Iohnson Dep’ the Comp*: were soe enflamed w™ these outrages that

MAY 7, 1623 403

they could hardly be conteyned from runinge to his Ma“*: then beinge in prog-
ress to craue his supreame hand for redresse of soe great a mischeife Butt
S' Thomas Smith att that time whether in favour of the said Cap‘ Argall his
frend and kinesman or outt of his better iudgm* alledginge y‘ the imploringe
of his Ma‘: aide might proue a Derogaton to the Companies power and liberties
made stay of that course, and dyrected the Company into another & milder
way W“ after the misprosperinge of seme some other pvision for reforma-
gon, by the vnfortunate decease of the Lord Lawarr cheife Gouernor issued
finally into a resolution of sendinge a new Gouernor, to examine those Clamo™
and Complaints against Captaine Argall; Whervppon at the Michaellmas ensu-
inge Cap‘ Yeardley afterward S* George Yeardley was first nominated Gouer-
no’ and afterwards solemly chosen att the next Quarter Courte.

Before w™ time in the said Summer i6i8 vppon the Clamo”™ aforesaid S'
Thomas Smith and Alderman Iohnson w Divers others of the Counsell
addressed their Lres to y° saide Lord Lawarr lately gone for Virginia requyr-
inge him to send home the saide Captaine Argall in quallety of a Mallefactor
and to sequester all his goods there for restituéon to y° Company; ther was
afterwards an order resolved in Court that what goods of Cap’ Argalls sbould
be returned for England should be likewise seized on for the Companies vse.
W" order att the saide Earles request was so farr forth dispensed w™ as that
his Lordshipp notw“standinge might take out his owne pt (intendinge so much
as should belonge vnto him by his right of ptnership) vppon pmise to deliuer
the rest into the Companies hands so farr forth as should be in his Lo”: power
to pforme itt. The pformance of w™ pmises is yett still expected the said
Captaine haueinge returned all his goods from Virginia vnder other mens
names, and consigned them [292] into other and greater mens hands, wherby
the Company remayneth still defrauded of the due restitu¢on w™ they had so
great cause to expect from Captaine Argall.

Butt to come to some other partes of Captaine Argalls Gou9ment this Course
of Depradaéon and Rovinge not sufficeinge as likely to receave encounter and
Check from hence; New Engines were vsed, some to disharten and some to
disgrace y®° Company that soe as itt seemeth they might in time abandon the
Plantacon and leave itt as a prey to the saide Captaine his frends and followers:
first therfore from the Plantacon Lres were sent by Captaine Argall & directed
to the Company by w” hee soe dispraysed the Country as to appear less fertile
then the most barren arable Land to be found ordinarylie in this Realme. An
assured way of discouragm* to all Adventurers and Planters from further
peeedinge Butt this Engine was broken by a Comission sent into Virginia
from whenc was returned by examinagéon vppon oath that the soyle was most
fertile & that slander therof moste vuatrue.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Then next on the other side to Correspond from hence y* Company and their
Acéons, and pticularly the Gouerno™, Alderman Iohnson by name were dis-
graced by letters sent into Virginia not vnknowne (as is stronglie to be plsumed)
to y°saide Earle In w™ was suggested that the Marchants as they termed them
who then swayed the Courts affected nothinge but their owne immoderate
gaine though w™ the poore Planters extreame oppression as appeared by their
Magazine: By w™ and other insinuagons that the said Earle would goe and
Complaine to the Kinge in their behalfe; They were drawne on by Instru-
ments vsed fittly for that purpose to exclame w™ great bitternes against the
Company and in a manner to cast of their Gouerment adoptinge vnto them-
selvs other Patrones against them accordinge to their seuerall Plantacons the
Principall wherof were Partners to the said Cap‘ Argall amongst w™ y° said
Earle of Warwick was in degree farr y° cheife.

All this notwstandinge the Company proceeded on in their course against
Cap‘ Argall and by advise of the Counsell and a choyse Comittee prepared
divers Comissions to be sent w S' George Yeardley for the proceedinge
against the Captaine in Virginia. Against w™ the said Earle w™ other of his
frends and followers haveinge made great opposiéon butt not plvaylinge a
Course was taken in fine to dispatch a Pinnace from Plymoth to fetch away
Captaine Argall w” his goods & booty before the Arryvall of S‘ Georg Yeard-
ley & his Comissions. The said S' George Yeardley by the pswasions (as is
vehemently to be plsumed of m’ Pory whom the said Earle had lately comi-
ended vnto S’ Thomas Smith then Treasuror for the Secretaries place of Vir-
ginia) spendinge much time vanescesarily vppon our English Coaste. [293]

Butt the saide Earle still ill' sattisfied with the pceedings against Cap‘: Argall
in the Easter Tearme ensuinge 1619 pursued w™ great ernestnes the dis-
placeinge of S* Tho: Smith and Alderman Iohnson from the Goverment of y®
Company w™ succeeded accordinglie.

But to stop the course of the saide Comissions in Virginia for examinaéon of
the Acéons and Gouerment of Cap‘ Argall whose psonn was now escaped from
thence new wayes had been & were still devised: ffirst mr Pory sworne Secre-
tarie of Estate there and who wrote the examinatons taken by vertue of the
said Comissions, sent Coppies of those examinacéons vnderhand to the said
Earle. W beinge Discouered & hee stopped in y* Course; a new way was
taken soe to daunte S' George Yeardley as might cleane discourrage him from
peeedinge in the said Comissionns. ffor the said Earle haveinge published
great displeasure against y° said S*Georg Yeardley for interceptinge the Pac-
quett wherin y® Coppies of the aforesaid Examinatons were sent vnto him
and threatninge a Sharpe revenge itt was soone after rumored by some of the

1 Written over the word ‘‘is’’ by Collingwood.

MATT aE! oo 405

Earles ollowers and spred ou9 Virginia and even to Opochancano himselfe that
the Earle would com shortly ouer in psonn to be their Gouerno", And that
Cap‘ Argall would bee his Pylott, and then hee would call S’ George Yeardley
into like question & examination for his owne Gouerment: W‘ Rumor con-
firmed aliso by letters from hence is thought to have been a principall cause
of that extreame descouragm‘ and Deiecton of S*‘ George Yeardley, w™ end-
inge in a long sicknes caused a generall neglect in followinge the publique
businies, w™ otherwise might have pceeded to the effect here intended.

Now att the Arrivall here of Captaine Argall in y* form9 parte of the yeare
1619: when S' Edwin Sandys was Treasuror The Counsell after some time
peeeded to y° examinaton of the said Captaine havinge wdrawne himselfe
from due tryall in the parts wher y° ffacts were Comitted and where the true
proofs on both sides were to be readilie had.

Here howe hee was patronized by y° saide Earle and by S’ Nathaniell Rich to
y° hindrance of y°® Course of Iustice and of due restituton; how the Treasuror
was wronged in pforminge his office and oath and sought to be [294] deterred
even by threats of bloud from acquaintinge y° LL‘ of his Ma‘: most hono™*
Pryvy Counsell w™ the Colonyes complainte of that Rovinge Ship the Treas-
uror, shalbe here passed ouer and referred to any other place. Butt by these
meanes the matter was drawne to soe extreame length and the Counsell and
Company soe extreamly weryed that in fine Cap‘ Argall goinge the Voyadge
to Argier all further psecuéon hath been sinee susspended and the Comp*:
defrauded of y*° great restituéon w™ after soe great wronge they had great
reason to expect.

ffrom w™ time the saide Earle and S™ Nathaniell Rich w™ others his Lo™*: fol-
lowers have generally absented them selves from the Courts of the Company
and other meetings in Counsell, And the said Earle and S' Nathaniell Rich to-
gether w” S" Thomas Smith haue allsoe sould awaie their Adventures in the
pticuler Plantaton wherof they were. In the meane time the Company hath
continued ina Constant Tenor of great peace and tranquillytie pursuing y°®
buisines of the Plantaton w™ great zeale and industry and that w“out inter-
rupéon by any shaddowe of ffacton till this last great rent wherof shalbe
spoken in a more proper place.

ffor now to take a veiwe allso of the like pceedings for the Summer Ilands The
Company therof beinge vnwillinge from the begininge that the saide Earle or
any other great psonn should grow too greate in the saide Hands; — (haveinge
great cause to feare the same) had obteyned y‘ in his Ma“ tres Patents, itt
should be lymited that no one Adventurer might be owner |jjof'|| aboue fifteen

1 The word ‘of’’ written over ‘‘in” by Collingwood, the reviewer.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

shares in the said Hands amountinge vnto about the Twentieth pt of the Land
there. And that no matter of importance touchinge the state of the said lands
should be ordered butt in one of their great Quarter Courts to be held in the
ffower Tearmes when in likely hood the most principall and greatest number
of the Adventurers would be present: These clauses of restrainte beinge no
way pleasinge as itt seemeth to his Lo”: as beinge opposite to the mayne ends
piected by his ffollowers a course was taken in the time of S' Thomas Smiths
Gouerment to finde fault w® the Lres Patents vppon pltence of other defecte
and an order of Courte gotten for drawinge of a new Patent to be pcured from
his Ma‘: vppon surrender of the former, and the care of drawinge itt was
cofiended to one m’ Phesant a Councellor att Law belonginge to his Lo”: and
vppo whome hee had bestowed either really or titularly one [295] of his Shares
in the Sofier Hands. This new Patent beinge drawne and a time appoynted
for readinge itt to the Company, vppon notice of some suspiéon that ther was
no good meaninge in itt ther happened to be some present who seemed were
not looked for as haveinge of a longe time forborne those Courts. The con-
clusion was that in this new intended Patent, the Instituéon of Qu: Courtes
and lymytacon of number of shares were cleane omitted w™ beinge discouered
the new draught was reiected and the Company well armed against the like
attempt in future times.

There remayned as itt seemeth for supply to their desires that his Lo” should
yett be soe strengthned in y°® Courtes att home and soe powerfull by his
Agents in those Lands abrode that all things might be disposed of by their
absolute pleasure. ffor the Courts att home besides other his ffollowers w™
did the like; His Lo”: was allsoe induced to putt of divers of his ffifteene
Shares to Sundry new personns amongst w™ were Cap‘ Argall and a Brother
of Cap‘: Butlers. By w means in that small Courte they have ingreatned
their power.

And as for the Colony itt selfe hee peured his ffollower and ffauourite Cap‘
Butler to be chosen Gouernor duringe these last three years who strengthning
himselfe by the Associaéon of a Turbulent and ill affected psonn, one m*™ Lewis
Hughes a Mynister (who had preached in the Suffer Ilands that the Gouer-
ment of y® Church of England by Bishops was Antichristian and that the
Booke of Common praye™ was butt an Old wiues tale, fitt to be read by y®
fireside as was iustified to his face): What course they tooke to alienate the
Inhabitants hearts from the Comp*: & from the Gouerm* therof established
here by his Ma”: & what oppressions were exercised ouer pticularr psons
appeareth as in pt by other good proofes, soe partly by y® multitude of per-
ticular complaintes against |the s*| Cap* Butler wherof ther shalbe considera-
ton taken hud elsewhere in his due place one onely example shalbe here
pduced.

MAY 7, 1623 407

In the latter time that Capt Kendall was Deputy Gouerno’ there arryved att
the Summer Ilands (vizt. in y* year 1619) A man of warr w™ a Comission from
y° Prince of Orange by vertue wherof hee had taken certaine Negros in the
West Indies: And beinge in great extremity for want of water and Victuall
and forbid by Cap‘ Kendall to com into any of the said Harbors, hee gave
him notice [296] that hee had ffourteen Negroes abourd w™ ## hee should be
forced to cast ouer bord for want of Victuall and wather desired to bestow
them vppon Cap‘ Kendall for any small consideraton w hee should be pleased
to give him: w™ was pformed accordinglie: Captaine Kendall who had spent
a long time in the Summer Ilands beinge one of y° first Inhabitants and who
for his valour and other good carriadge had been in time of Vacancy twice
chosen Gouerno’, Now vppon y® Arrivall of Capt Butler was forcibly by him
depryved of all his said Negros vppon pitence that they belonged vnto the
Earle of Warwicks Shipp called the Treasuror w™ w% the said Holland man
of Warre had consorted, This outrage ef |by|| Captaine Butler Vppon y°
Goods of his pldiscessor so contrary to all Lawe and forme of Iustice and with-
out any order for ought euer appeared, enforced Cap‘ Kendall to returne into
England and to exhibite his Complainte to the Company against Captaine
Butler, wher itt pleased the said Earle to make claime in open Courte, that
the said Negroes were his, as belonginge vnto his Ship the Treasuror afore-
said, And to crosse Cap‘: Kendall in his iust Demaund certaine Articles of
Complainte were exhibited against him w‘out author to advow them, and
w"out wittness to proue them w beinge referred vnto examynaéon in the
Sufier Ilands where hee that did him wronge was allso to bee his Iudge was
the cause that for a longe while hee gott noe restitution About Mid sommer
1622 the Court takinge consideraton of the wrong done to Captaine Kendall;
and the Earle of Warwick referringe his Claime to the Iudgment of the
Courte, itt was ordered that Nyne of the same Negroes should be deliuered to
Cap‘ Kendall, and the rest to be consigned to y° Companies vse w™ the new
Gouerno™ Cap‘ Bernard lately deceased was required by his Instrucéons to
see] putt in execudon. After whose decease by a Lre ther pduced as from
the said Earle importinge that the said Negroes should not be deliuered vnto
the said Kendall and vppon advantage taken of mistakinge the Hollanders
name, the said restitution is still deferred and the poore gentleman still lan-
guisheth vnder the effects of most vniust oppression; Soe weake are the Com-
panies orders in that Plantaton if they come once to be countermaunded by
any mandate from his Lo?:

Butt to returne to the conclusion of Cap‘ Butlers Gouerment who pceivinge
by the multitude of Complaintes against him that hee had incurred some Dis-
pleasure w™ the Company and as itt seemed vppon iust feare that a Comission
would be awarded to the new Gouernor and others for the examyninge of his

408

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

peeedings aboute the last ||late|| Spanish Wrack there so much complayned of
and for other misdemeano™ wherw™ hee stood heavilie charged [297] whether
in revenge therof or in pursuite of the aforesaid ends he entred into combi-
nacon w™ the said m* Lewis Hughes and some other fitt Instruments for such
a purpose to make a collection of certaine Greivances to be exhibited to the
Inhabitants against the Company and withall for a petiton to the LL* of y®
Company first and afterward to the Kinge for alteringe the Gouerment of the
Company here as beinge Antimonarchicall, and for y° reducinge itt into the
hands of a few principall personns.

This done and beinge laden itt seems w™ wealth and mallice contrary to a
solemne order by himselfe enacted, and to y® desire of the Inhabitants by the
help of a small Ship provided to fetch him away from the Summer Ilands (as
the same had been done vppon the like occasion for Cap‘ Argall from Virginia)
hee was conveyed thence a little before the new Gouerno™ Arrivall and soe
deliuered from the tryall intended by the said Comission, Leavinge those
Ilands w™ the Inhabitants in a most myserable plight.

Butt Cap‘ Butler (as itt seemeth) not satiated w™ his wrong to that Plantaton
and to the Company heer for y* same goeth from thence to Virginia to be
revenged allsoe on y® other Company for that other Plantaton consistinge in
great part of the selfe same psonns.

To Virginia hee came in an ill season of the yeare towardes the extremity of
Winter, and in a worse time otherwise after the late Massacre where beinge
refused to sitt in Counsell w™ them, wherto hee could shewe no right though
otherwise entertayned w™ very great courtesie, hee fedd his eyes w™ the mis-
erable spectacle of a Country ouerrun §w""§' a late Treacherous warr, w™ in a
harte of any sence of mortall Calamytie would have wrought though not a
Christian yett an humaine Compassion.

Butt hee soone after returrninge into England, and findinge the Companies full
of trouble by some ffactious Spirites and that enquyrie was allredie made, and
some reasonable Discouery of his vnthankfull practise and conspiracie in the
said Summer Ilands to deprive them of that Gouerment, by whome and by w™
himselfe was made Gouernor means was found by some of the aforesaid Instru-
ments that hee should be brought vnto y*® Kinge and coffiaunded as is said to
make vnto his Ma”: a true Relation of the State of Virginia, w™ Relation
termed by himselfean Vomaskinge of Virginia and consistinge of an extreame
disgraceinge of that Country & Plantaton together w™ a moste bitter aspersion
vppon [298] the Gouerment therof both there and here, how farr itt is in all

1 Written over ‘‘&’’ by the copyist.

MAY 7, 1003 = *: ‘ 7 409

materiall poyntes from truth, hath soe fully appeared by vndenyable proofe
as that impudencie itt selfe cannot open mouth to excuse itt.

In fine these disguised Accons beinge vnmasked they now playnly professe, S*
Nathaniell Rich in the Courte his Brotherinlawe S* Thomas Wroth att the
Counsell Board Alderman Johnson in his Petition to his Ma“*, Cap* Butler in
his Dismaskinge and others by other means some of them in one parte and
some of them in another y‘ they desire an alteragon of the Gouerment in both
Companies; wherby as may be very stronglie presumed (comparinge their
former pceedings w™ the present) to drawe the Plantaéons into their former
Estate of beinge Subiects vnto their Ambition and inexpleable avarice.

In the meane time their practises and Jabours are infinite in disgraceinge w™
all kindes of Calumnies & slanders the present Gouerment of the Companies
w their Actons and psonns The said Karle allso apparantly (to drawe (itt
seemeth) vnto himselfe some showe of a partie) countenancinge and graceinge
all kindes of opposites to the Companies vppon what cause ever soe ever,
and though hertofore sundry of them noe less opposite allsoe to his Lo’: And
vnder pltence of iustifyinge those their manyfold vntruthes they have sued for
a Comission to examine those Imputatons wherw™ they have been pleased
to charge the Gouerment in these fower last years. W" Comission by his
Ma grace and the Lords noble Iustice ordayned to extend allso to y* Twelue
years of the former Gouerm‘, and the Companies ernestly pressinge them to
take out their Comission they have still delayed and doe delay the same
knowinge (as itt seemeth) in their owne guilty consiencies that they are neither
in any degree able to charge the latter nor yett to excuse y°® former Gouer-
ment.

This Remonstrance of the strange and longe continued pceedings of the Instru-
ments afore saide, y° said Counsell and principall Assistants haue thought fitt
to gather into one bodie, and soe to offer itt to y° veiwe and Iudgment of the
generall Court€ beinge a matter of the highest importance y‘ ever came into
their consideragons, as concerninge not a fewe Branches, butt the very Bodies,
lyfe and subsistence of both the Plantatons and Companie. [299]

Herevpon it was aduised, that seeings it may be iustly feared, the
Opposers haue some other ends in their priuate courses then are yet
discouered, and doe therefore seeme to retard the Comission to y*
wrong of the Company, That therefore the Companies be suitors to
his Ma’ for y® expediting thereof W™ course being well approued, and
S* Edwin Sandis 8" Robert Killegrue & S‘ Io Dauers being entreated

410 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

to drawe y° petigon according to y* head€ propounded and agreed on,
they forthweth drew it and brought it vnto y* Court being this w™
followeth viz*
May 7, 1623.
To the Kinges most Excellent Ma’
The most humble petiton of y° Companies for Virginia & y° Sumer Iland¢.

Yo" Supp™ in all duety present their humble petition at y° foote of * yo" sacred
Maiesty y* wheras Alderman Johnson assisted w™ sundry others delu9ed vnto
yo" Ma”: a petiéon of Complainte against the present Gouerment of y° said
Companies And allsoe one Cap‘ Butler late Gouernor of the Somer Ilands and
newly com from Virginia exhibited to yo" Ma‘: a writinge intituled the Dis-
maskinge of Virginia: And the said Alderman Iohnson w™ his Associates
desyred in their said petiton to have a Coffiission from yo’ Ma”: forexamynacon
of the misgouernm* by y° said Companies and pticularly in matter of Account¢€
for these last 4 years w™ by yo" Ma*: Iustice and grace and by order from the
IL’ was extended to the 12 years allso of the fformer Gouerment.

Now forasmuch as the said Alderman Cap‘ Butler and their Associates not
withstandinge our requests vnto them and their pmise thervppon doe still
delay and forbear to sue out their said Comission to the extream wrong of
their §yo'§ Supplyants whose Actons & psonns they have most vniustly
and vntruly endeauored to blemish in y°® eyes of yo" sacred Ma: w* blemishes
cannot otherwise be wyped away butt by a due tryall vppon the said Comission.

Yo" Supp": most humbly beseech yo’ excellent Ma” to be pleased to give forth
yo" Royall Commaund y‘ the said Comission may proceed wall convenyent
expedition y‘ therby yo" Ma” may be informed of the truth of matters now
questioned y° innocent may bee cleered, & y* culpable receaue deserved
punishment,

Meane time they allso humbly beseech yo" Ma”: y‘ the great and vnited bodies
of the said Companies may still stand right in yo" Princely iudgment and not
be weighed as in equall ballance w these few oppugners w™ never appeared
to exceed 26 in nomber who have been the vsuall disturbers of the Companies
and have contributed }ittle helpe either by purse or Counsell to y* great Plan-
taton and who to the extreame iniury both of y° Companies and Colonies have
pisumed to wronge the Sacred ears of yo" Ma”: w™ many most grosse vatruthes
as they doubt not will in due time most manyfestly appeare

Lastly they allso humbly entreat yo" Ma‘’ y‘* the Companies Bookes beinge the
Recordes of their Courts and w“out w™ they are not able to Gouerne their
buisines haveinge been sequestred from them now 14 daies may att length be
restored vnto them.

1 The rest of this petition is in the autograph of Thomas Collett (?).

MAY 7, 1623 411

And y* yo" Ma” takinge into consideraton of yo" princely wisedome Lustice,
and Grace y‘* these Companies consistinge of neer 50 Noblemen Peers of y°
RKealmes of some hundred of Knights and of many hundreds of gentlemen,
good Marchants and Cittizens who haue alredy expended vppon those Planta-
cons aboue two hundred Thousand pounds of their owne pper substance, and
transported thither divers thousands of yo" Ma*: Subiects w™ all their means
& estates & who are seated there in quyett as in their owne pper inheritance
by vertue and vnder y® securyty of yo" Ma”* tres Patents of originall graunt
to ye Companies, y‘ yo" Ma” will still be gratiously pleased to plserve to y°
said Companies their Rights, Liberties and pryveledges granted to them by
yo" Ma‘ vnder yo" great seale of England in affiance wherof they undertooke
this great and chargable worke, w™ otherwise would turne to y° vtte" discour-
rag‘ of both Adventurers & Planters & consequently to y® dissolucon & dis-
tructon of y° Plantatons And yo" Ma“ humble Supp™: y* Companies afore-
said shall peeed w their best endeavo™ for y° Advancem‘ of y°® said Plantaéons
to y® great honor & gleryofAlmighty-Ged pfitt of yo" royall Ma” & to y®
glory of Almighty God whom they pray for yo" most long continuance in all
princely felicity. [300]

W" petiéon being twice deliberately read and some alteratéons made
therein, It was by a generall erecéon of hand€ approued and ordered
to be deliuered to his Ma“. The Court earnestly desiring it would
please S' Edward Sackuille in the name of bothe the Companies to
present the same to his Ma“* w™ all expediéon. And further it was
desired, he would please to iustify S‘ Edwin Sandis to his Ma“ touch-
ing his Account¢, being audited and approued of: his Ma‘ hauing
beene informed, that he had receaued Nyne and twenty Thowsand
pound¢ of the Companies cash, for w™ he had guien noe Account
at all.

The Lo: Cauendish acquaynted y* Court, that the Comittee appointed
to consider of some course that might be beneficiall for the Comp’*. in
the farming of y° mpeuiah Tobacco not only mett, but had endeau-
oured by a treaty w™ y® Lo: Treasuror to haue abated y° Six thousand

pounde to ffiue thousand pound¢; but his Lo”. told them, he might The Lord Tresor:

not abate any part of y°® Kings profitt. But his Lo? promised, he

promiseth onely

would take such order, as noe more then that quantity should be shall bee brought
brought in. Wherefore the Lo: Cauendish moued, that since those = 0 Spanish To-

who were most likely to be Aduenture™ in the indies were now
! This marginal entry is in Nicholas Ferrar’s autograph.

412 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

absent, that therefore a Court might be called on purpose for this
busines only, whereby they might come to some resoluéon what
answere to giue to y® Lo: Treasurors offer, who required it w“out
delay, & y* y° Earle of Warwick, S’ Nath: Rich. S’ Iohn Wolsten-
holme, & those other Gentlemen that are the Officers of his Ma* Cus-
tomes be entreated to be present to giue their best helpe and fur-
therance to y® vndertaking thereof.

Wherevpon it was ordered that a Court should be called on ffriday
next in y° afternoone to treate:and debate vpon this busines only and
noe other, and the Officer was required to giue perticuler notice of
this busines.

M’ Deputy propounded y* passing of One share from S' Iohn Culpeper
to m’ ffreake of y® Middle Temple Gentleman.

‘Vpon moéon order was giuen for drawing vp these Pattents following;
Patent for m’ Thomas Moore & his Associate.

Patent for m’ Edward Hurd & his Associate,

Patent form’ Richard Norwood & his Associat¢, each of them vnder-
taking to transport 100 persons.

Mr George Scotts Three shares to m’ Thomas Culpepper of the Middle
Temple being propounded at y* Last Court, were now passed & m'
Culpepper admitted. [801]

A CouRT HELD FOR THE SUMER ILANDES ON
WEDENSDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 7™ OF May
1623.

Pitts

The Virginia Court held this Afternoone being ended, & the Lo:
Cauendish taking the Chaire, propounded (as was agreed on in the
Virginia Court) that a Comittee of y° Company in generall might

MAY 12, 1623 vw 413

be appointed (saue those of the opposite side) for preparing their
defences against the sitting of y° Comission". W course being well
liked of, was by a generall erec@on of hand¢ ordered accordingly.
And further ordered, that this Company should ioyne w" y® Virginia
Company in y® Petiton that they had ordered to be presented to his
Ma" by S’ Edward Sackuill.

And it was Likewise agreed and ordered by a Generall erecéon of
handé, that 8‘ Iohn Dauers should be entreated to be Preceder in the
Chaire for this Comittee.

M’ Deputy propounded y° passing of Two shares in the Suffier Ilandes
from m‘ Edward Ditchfield to Alderman Hamersly.

Vpon m’ Treasurors moéon, that order might be taken for sale of that
parcell of Tobacco, which belongs to the Generall Company; The Court
haue appointed himselfe, m*’ Robert€, m* Meuerell, m’ Webb and m*
Cuff to make the best sale thereof they cann for y* Companies proffitt.
[302]

A PREPARATIVE CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA
on Monpay In Y® AFTERNOONE
THE 12™ or May 1623.

PRESENT

Right hono™ Lo: Cauendish. S' Edw: Sandis.
Lo: Pagett. . 8 Iohn Dauers.
Lo: D’Lawarr. . S* Walter Earle.
S' Ed: Sackuill. S’ Ro: Killegrue.

m’* Gibbs. mn" Bootbby. _ mm" Masterson.
m’ Nicho: fferrar Dpt. m*’ Copland. ~ m’ Rider.
m’ Aldfan Iohnson. m’ Balmford. m'‘ Sheppard.

414 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m* Zouch. m* Moore. m’ Ley.

m’ Bing. m' Seldon||M* WeedeH-|| m’ Ewens.

Cap: Haruy. m' Barker. m’ GeHett ||Couell.||
m’ John fferrar. m’ Bickly. m’* Newland.

m’ Palavicine. m* Viner. m’ Roberteé.

m’ Bromfield. m’ Sherroe. Cap: Bargraue.

m’ Risely ||m* Rawleigh.|| m* Widdowes. m’ Barkly.

Doctor Anthony. m” Woodall. m’ ffancott.

m’ Tomlins. m* Swinhoe. Cap: Io: Smith.
m’ Scott. m* Newport. m’ Webb.

m* Withers. m* Etheridge. mn’ Cuff.

m‘ Barbor. m’ Palmer. m’ Edwardé.

m* Downes. m* Hobbs. wn’ ffelgate.

m’ Caswell. m* Moorewood. with diuers others.
m’ Bland.

m* Wheatley.

m* Moorer.

m’ Leauer.

The Court held the Seauenth of this Moneth was now read whereat m*
Aldifan Iohnson tooke excepéon, saying, that the word¢ sett downe as
spoken by y* Lo: Cauendish in his Lo” report touching his petiéon,
namely that he deliuered to his Ma‘ (a verie bitter and greivous
Petition) were not spoken but puttin by y°Secretary. But the Lo: Cau-
endish himselfe said, he very well remembred he vsed those worde,
and diuers also of y° Court remembred his Lo? spake them. Where-
vpon the Court being putt to y® question, It was by a generall erecton
of handé (saue ffiue only) approued to be rightly sett downe.

The Lo: Cauendish acquaynted the Company, that whereas y*® Court
held y® Nyneteenth of ffebruary Last, did recomend to a select
Comittee the drawing vp into the ||a|] forme of lawes certaine orders
then made touchings Mens admission to haue Voicé in the Court, as also
concerning the nominaéon of Comittees for perticuler businesses; the
Comittees hauing mett, had drawne vp y°® said Lawes & presented

MAY 12, 1623 415

them to the Counsell; who approuing of them, desired they might be
brought to this Court according to the Lawe; Wherevpon was read
this Lawe following,

An order touching y° admitting of men to haue
Voice in Court.

To auoid the bringing in hereafter of disorderly and vnworthy [303]
persons to haue Voice in Court, It is ordered, that noe man shalbe
admitted into the Courts, but in this manner, first his name shalbe
openly proposed in some Court, that y° Company may take notice or
consider of him or make such enquiry as they shall thinke fitt; Then
afterward in y* next or any other Court (if be noe iust excepéon be
taken to him, other orders of y° Company being also obserued, he may
be admitted; If excepéon be taken, the same shalbe tryed by the same
or some other Court; If y® party appeale it shalbe tryed in a Quarter
Court.

W" order after Long and mature debate, being putt to y° question
was by a generall erecGon of hand¢ (onely ffiue hand€ excepted)
approued of and ordered to be recomended to the Quarter Court for
a full confirmaéon to stand as a Lawe and order of the Company.

And whereas it was moued herevpon, that the like caution might be
taken of those, that were admitted to be of y® Counsell; It was held
to be a most necessary Proposition, and fitt to be hereafter taken into
consideraéon, though now it could not be passed by reason of y* neere
approach of y® Quarter Court.

Next were read the orders touching the naming of Extraordinary
Comittees, viz‘.

Orders touching the naming of extraord: Comittees.

To auoid all confusion in naming of Comittees extraordinary, It is
ordered that noe one man may name aboue one Comittee, except the
Treasuror who may name two and y° Deputy in his absence; yet noe

ay

416 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

man shalbe permitted to name any Comittee, if y° matter comitted
concerne himselfe. If exception be taken to any person soe named, it
shalbe decided by question in y* Court.

But if y° matter comitted be of great importance, the Court shall pro-
ceed in this manner; The nomber of Comittees shalbe first agreed on
by y° exe Court, the one halfe shalbe first named by the Treasuror,
Deputy and Counsell, and the other halfe by the Gennerality, obseru-
ing y° order last before.

W"“ orders being read and debated, & the first order altered in some
worde as may appeare & soe being putt to y° question, was by a gen-
erall ereccon of hand¢ (noe one dissenting) approved and referred (as
y° former) to the Quarter Court to be confirmed to stand asa Lawe &
order of y° Company.

8S" Iohn Dauers presented vnto this Court the Account of the Earle of
Southampton for y® yeare Last past; signifying that the Auditors
had exactly examined the same, & testifyed their approbaéon thereof
vnder their hand¢; finding it to be soe duly & orderly kept, as could
possibly be desired. [304]

M’ Deputy likewise presented his Account¢ of mony Laid out, by him
for y° Generall Company, audited and approued of both by the Audi-
to™ and Comittees; whose report therevpon he read being as follow-
eth, viz"?

Wee whose names hereafter followe have audited the Accompts in this Booke
plsented vnto vs by m* Nicholas fferrar Deputy, of his Disbursments for the
generall Company and wee finde the estate therof to stand thus—(vizt)

Imprimis hee hath receaued ...-..........-...--.-----+------- 169": 12: 01
And tee.leth Disbursed... ....-- ccs eee:

Soe y* ther is due to him vppon his Accompt w™ hee hath Disbursed more
then hee hath received the some of fiue pounds fourteen shillings eight pence,
And hee hath allso shewed vs the seuerall warrants and receipts vnder the said
warrants of the pties to whome the monneys were made paide soe wee have

1 The report of the auditors is in the autograph of Thomas Collett (?).

MAY 18, 1088 2 ss. 417

seen audited and approved his Accompt the 12" of May 1623. and finde due to
him from the generall Company ........---------------------- 05" 14* 08
except the pcell of petty charges wee have seen warrants for all the rest and
receipts for divers of the petty charges.
Iohn Bland. © Edw: Sandys.
Rich: Wiseman. Ed: Bennet.
Geo: Smith. Tho: Whitly.
Rich: Bothby.

M’ Deputy signifyed, that whereas the Last yeare m‘ Iohn fferrar
gaue vp his place of Deputishipp, he stood engaged for y° Company
for neere y° some of 1400" as appeared by the Auditors & Bookekeep-
ers testimony and Certificate, for w” the Company were pleased to
giue him their Cofiion seale to pay ||him|| and secure him; That since
that time the most of those debts were discharged and there remayned
due to m’ Iohn fferrar only 320" for monyes taken vp by him at inter-
est, w™ the Auditors testifyed vnder their hand¢ in manner following
viz".

Wee the Audito™ and Comittees of y° Company for Virginia hauing
this present Twelueth of May 1623. audited y° accompts of the Right
hono™ Henry Earle of Southton for y°® yeare Last past begining at the
Two and Twentith of May 1622, vntill this present Twelueth of May
1623, doe find that there hath beene receaued by the said Right hono™
the some of 320" of monyes taken vp at interest accordingly as in the
said Account is expressed; for w* monies m‘ [ohn fferrar hath giuen
his Bonde vnto y* Lady Rumny for 200" and to m‘ Melling for 120"
So that y°® Virginia Company doe owe m’ Iohn fferrar the some of
Three hundred & twenty pound¢e. In witnes whereof wee haue here-
vnder sett our hand¢, Dated the Twelueth of May 1623.

Edw: Sandis. Io: Dauers.
Io: Bland.
Ed: Bennett... Rich: Wiseman.

ffor the repayment whereof as also of those other debt¢, that were yet
owing vpon y° vndertaking of these last ffoure yeares, m* Deputy said,
that he did expect and assure himselfe, that by the good€ that should

16456—voL 2—06——27

418 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

be returned this yeare from Virginia, and [805] some other debte due
vnto y*° Company, all might be discharged w™ some surplus; So that
he well hoped the Company should not be left more in debt, then they
should be able speedily to pay.

As for the security and indempnity of m™ John fferrar for the mony
for w™ he stood bound, the Auditors presented the draft of a security.
W™ being read was well approued, and ordered to be engrossed &
passed in y°® Quarter Court, being as followeth (viz")’

Whereas itt appeareth by the testimony of the Audito™ and Comittes of y° Com-
pany for Virginia vnder their hand writinge bearinge date the twelfth of May
1623 that Iohn fferrar hath payd into the hand¢ of y° Right Hono’: Henry
Earle of Southampton Treasuror of y* Company y° some of Three hundred
and Twenty pounds taken vpp by him y° said Iohn fferrar of the Lady Rumny
and m" Thomas Mellinge in May last past in the year 1622 wherof Two hun-
dred pounds was by order and entreaty of y® Quarter Court for to make pro-
visions for the buildinge of the fforte intended by Captaine Each and the other
was for discharge and payment of divers due and lawfull Debts from y° Com-
pany approved by the Audito™ and Comittees the interest of w* monneys
haveinge been payd vatill this present twelth of May 1623 out of the Compa-
nies Cash y® principall yett remaynes vnsattisfied and m’‘ Iohn fferrar still
engaged vnto y° said |/seuerall| pties aforenamed for the said sume of 320":
Now for y® Securitie and indempnyty of y* said Iohn fferrar and for the pay-
ment and sattisfacton of y° said sume of 320" together w™ all y® interest and
damages that shall arise therby; Itt is ordered and agreed that all such goods
& Comodities as shalbe returned from Virginia belonginge to ye general! body
of the Company shalbe from time to time consigned and deliuered into the
hands of the said Iohn fferrar to be by him sold and disposed of vntill the said
some of 320" shalbe fully payd and discharged together w™ all the Interest
and damages y‘ shall arise therby, And for the farther securitie of y°* said [ohn
fferrar, It is |likewise| farther ordered and agreed y*‘ it shalbe lawfull for the
said lohn fferrar to receaue and take to his owne vse all such monneys and
Debts as are and shalbe due vnto y* Comp*: from any whomsoeuer & hee y®
said Io: fferrar can peure vntill such time as hee be fully sattisfied and dis-
charged of y* said some of] 320": together w™ all the Interest and damages y*
shall arise therby: And it is ordered & agreed y* y° Acquittancesand Releases
of y° said Io: fferrar shalbe a sufficient discharge vnto all suchas shall pay him
any monnys vntill the aforesaid Debt be fully paid & discharged: And in con-

'This security is in the autograph of Thomas Collett. (?)

MAY 18, 1683 a 419

firmazon of y* pmises y° Comp": for Virginia beinge assembled in a great and

generall Qu: Court held for Virginia y* fourteenth day of May 1623 have

hervnto caused their legall Seall to be affixed.
|Sealed in the plsenc of me

Ed. Collingwood Secre]

S' Edwin Sandis signifyed, that at the end of his yeare |lof|| being
Treasuror, he presented his Account for that yeare, audited and
approued of. And whereas he continued afterward still their Treas-
uror, till the end of Midsomer terme following, he had likewise per-
fected the remayne of his Account for that tyme, and being allowed
by the Audito”; he presented the same heretofore vnto y* Court, w™
hath since Layen open at euery Court and noe excepéon taken thereat;
He therefore moued that according to y° orders of y*° Company, he
might haue his Quietus est this next Quarter Court. Which the Court
generally held fitt should be graunted, and ordered the same to be
giuen him accordingly.

It was Likewise thought fitt & ordered, that for y° Two yeares formerly
past, the Earle of Southampton should haue his Quietus est; [306]
but for this Last yeare, it should be respited till the next terme, because
the Account was to lye open at each Court, betweene this and then,
by the orders of the Company, for any man to pervse and take excep-
éon if any error could be found.

Vpon moéon it was Likewise thought fitt & ordered, that m’ Iohn
fferrar according to order should haue his Quietus est this next Quarter
Court, his Accounté€ being long since audited & approued of, & often
brought vnto y* Court to be pervsed.

S' Iohn Dauers moued, that whereas one m* Okely Secré to y° Lo:
Keeper hath taken much paynes in dispatching diuers Lres, that his
Lord was pleased to write at the Companies request vnto certen per-
sons indebted to y° Company, being ready still to doe the Company that
seruice; that therefore some gratificaéon might be giuen him for his
paynes. Which moéon the Court thought very fitting & promised
consideraéon should be had thereof, assoone as mony came into y"
Companies Cashe.

420 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Lord Cauendish moued, that whereas m' Newton hath taken
much paynes in warning the Court€ euer since m* Carter Left the
place, he might therefore be proposed at this next Quarter Court for
y° Beadles place for this yeare ensuing; w™ the Court generally agreed
vnto.

M’ Deputy acquaynted the Court, that Wedensday next was the vsuall
day of elec#on, and in reguard the Earle of Southtons three yeares
were expired, they should doe well to take to their consideraéon the
choice of some Noble & worthy person to succeed him; wherevpon
diuers named the Lo: Cauendish, and diuers others named y° Lo:
Pagett. :

The Court taking into their consideraéon the offer of y° Lord Treas-
uror touching the ffarming of the Spanish Tobacco (about w™ they
were now to come to some speedy resoluéon) & finding the same could
not otherwise be vndertaken, but by priuate Aduenturers (the Com-
pany hauing noe Stock) After a serious debate and consultaéon
herevpon, it was at length’ agreed & exdered, that to giue a begining
to this busines, a Preamble should be forthwith drawne by a Comittee
appointed by this Court, whereby to invite men to an vnderwriting
towarde a Ioint stock, vpon such condiéons as y*® said Comittee should
thinke fitt. And touching the yearely rent of 6000" demaunded for
this farme of Spanish Tobacco, it was thought fitt to respite the con-
cluding hereof, vntill they had tryed to what some they could bring
the Roll Vuto, and then the Vndertakers to treat w™ y® Lo: Treasuror
[307] about it, & driue their owne bargaine as good cheape as they
cann; ffor drawing vp the aforesayd Preamble, the Court appointed

m’ Gibbs m’™ Wolstenholme
m’* Bennett m* Bland

m’ Withers m’ Scott

m’ Barbor m’ Ditchfield

m' Caning | m’ Palmer

m* Moorer

to meete too morrow morning about it.
1 Written over ‘‘ lenght.”

MAY 12, 1623 421

The Lo: Cauendish acquaynted the Company, that whereas at their
being before y° tts on ffriday last, they were appointed to attend their
Lo™ vpon y® next ffriday; he had this day receaued another warning,
that they are to attend them too morrowe in y* Afternoone: Where-
fore he wished the Company to take notice hereof, and not to faile to
be there about Two of y® Clock & to meete together in y° Stone
Gallery.

M’ Iohn Newport moued, that whereas his-father Cap’ Christopher
Newport had vnder the seale of y® Counsell ffoure hundred pounds
allowed him for his Aduenture in Shares of Land to y® nomber of
Thirty two shares, that the said shares might be confirmed vnto him,
being his only sonne and heire, as also such Personall shares as are
due vnto him for y°® transport of men heretofore, or that hereafter he
shall transport at his owne charge. W request the Court hath
graunted vnto him: and to this purpose there being a draft of a Pat-
tent presented & read; the same was approued and ordered to be
engrossed against the Quarter Court.

S' Iohn Dauers propounded the admission of y* Lo: Bruice into the
Company and Counsell, who had of late shewed a great good affeccon
to y°® busines of y® Plantacon & Company. W y° Court very willingly
consented vnto, & ordered to be recomended to y® Quarter Court.

It was Likewise moued that m* Tomlins & m* White, being Gentle-
men that had with Long & continuall dilligence attended the Court¢€
might then also be proposed to be admitted of y® Counsell.

M’ Deputy propounded y° passing of Ten shares to one m* Iohn Burgh
from Peter Humble the sonne & heire of Richard Humble deceased,
who had Eight shares by his owne Aduenture & two others as Execu-
tor to his Sister the wife of Raple Harrison deceased, whose Executrix
shee was, they bothe dying issueles, & y° said Richard Humble being
ye imediate heire.

M’ Deputy likewise propounded y’° passing of One share from m‘ Bland
to m’ Robert Edwarde. [308]

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

A Virainia QuaRTER CouRTE THE 14 oF May

Ea: Southampton.
Ea: Dorsett.

1623 BEING

PRESENT

the Right Honorable’
Lo: Lawarr.
Lo: Maynard.

Lo: Pagett.

§S' Edwa: Sackuill.

S' Iohn Dauers.

S' Edw: Harwood.

Doctor Dunn.
Doctor Meddus.
m’ Gibbes.

m’ Alder Iohnson.
m’ Wolstenholme.

m’ X° Brooke.
m’ Zouch.

m’ Bynge.

D* Anthony.
m’ Pallavicine.
Cap‘ Harvie.
m* Tomlyns.
m’ Rob‘ Smith.
m’ Harbert.
m’ White.

m’ Berblock.

S* Iohn Bourchier.
8S’ Rob‘ Killegrew.

8S’ Walker Earle.

wn’ Ditchfeilde.
Cap‘ Butler.
m’ Swinhoe.
Cap’ Bargraue.
m’ Boothbie.
m’ Casewell.
m’ Meuerell.
m’ Blande.

m’ Couell.

m* Leauor.

m’* More.

m’ Gookin.

m* Seawarde.
m’ Woodall.
m’ Rob“ senior.
m’ Scotte.

8’ Edward Spencer.
S’ Henry Mildmay.
8’ Thom: Wroth.

m' Morewood.
m’ Iadwin.
m* Newland.
m1" Newporte.
m’ Birkley.
m’ Wiseman.
m’* Proctor.
m’* Morer.
Cap‘ Bruster.
m’ Paulson.
m’ Tho: Sheppard.
m’ Hinde.

m’* Barbor.

m’ Sheldon.
m* Trueloue.
in’ Sparrow.

1The caption of this court is in the autograph of Nicholas Ferrar. At this point the handwriting
changes to that of Thomas Collett (7).

MAY 1h, 1683

m’ Withers. m* Dike. m’ Bromfeild.
m’™ Downes. m’ Maisterson. m' Barker.
m’ Copeland.

m’ Balmforde.

im’ Rider.

m’ Geo: Smith.

m* Vyner.

m’ Edw: Waterhous.

m’ Whitley.

m’ Nicholls.

|lm? Morris. ||

m’ Ley.

ae Hebyer rts

m’* Bennet.

m’ Rogers senio".

m’ Hardinge.

m’ Badge.

m’ Raynard.

m’ Rob™ Iunior.

m* Rogers Iunior.

m* Webb.

m’‘ Buckridge.

W" divers others in all to ye nomb' of

aboute 200.

S' Iohn Davers acquainted the Company that wheras by their orders
they were first to read the precedent Quarter Courte Itt could not
now be done by reason the LL’: of his Ma”: privie Counsell had se-
questred all the Courte Bookes out of y* Companies handeé.

The Preparative Courte of y° 12" of §this§ Month was read and by a
generall erecéon of hands (no one dissentinge) approved to be right-
lie sett downe.

In reguard the Earle of Southampton had not as yett fully ended his
three years Gouerment before the next Quarter Court: the Courte

424 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

humbly besought his Lo’: to continue the place of Treasuror vntill the
next Quarter Courte: W“ his Lo” yeilded vnto itt was by a gen%all
erecéon of handes ordered y‘ the elecéon for this day should be sus-
pended and his §lp§ continued till y° next Quarter Courte.

And in reguard the present Deputy, Audito™: Committees & other offi-
cers were best acquainted with the buisines of the Company, espe-
cially [309] w™ the late passages in Courte and w™ matter of Accompts
wherin they cann best sattisfie the Comissioners in case they shalbe
requyred Itt was therfore agreed and ordered by a generall erec@on
of hands that they should be continued in their places vntill the next
Qu: Courte.

This done S' In° Davers propounded the passinge of those two Lawes
and other perticuler buisinesses proposed in the Preparative Court
and referred to this great Courte for confirmation: The first Lawe
begininge w™ this Tytle:

An Order touchinge y® admittinge
of men to haue Voice in Courte.

To avoyde the bringinge in of disorderly and vnworthy personns
hereafter to haue voyce in Courte itt is ordered y* no man shalbe
admitted into the Courts butt in this manner. ffirst his name shalbe
openly proposed in some Court that the Company may take notice
and consider of him or make such enquyrie as they shall thinke fitt
then afterward in the next or any other Courte if no iust exception
be taken to him, other orders of y° Comp*: beinge allso observed hee
may be admitted. If exception be taken the same shalbe tryed by
the same or some other Courte; If the pty appeale itt shalbe tryed in
a Quarter Courte.

W“ Lawe beinge a mended w™ y° addition of this worde (hereafter)
and fyndinge in the Lers Patent€ nothinge to Contradict itt (but
rather to confirme itt) was att length putt to the question and by a
generall erection of hands ratefied and confirmed to be a ppetuall
standinge Lawe and order of the Company.

MAY 14, 1623 425

Next was read the Lawe consistinge on two braunches begininge w™
this Title

Orders touchinge y* naminge of extraordinary
Comittees

To avoyd all confusion in naminge of Comiittees extraordinarie itt is
ordered that no man may name aboue one Comittee except the Treas-
uror who may name Two & y° Deputy in his absence Yett no man
shalbe pmitted to name any Comittee if y° matter Comitted concerne
himselfe; If exception be taken to any psonn hee §so§ named itt
shalbe decyded by question in the Courte.

Butt if the matter Comitted be of great importance the Court shall
peeed in this manner: The nomber of Comittees shalbe first agreed
on by the Courte the one halfe shalbe first named by the Treasuror
Deputy and Counsell and theother halfe ai the generallytie observ-
inge the order last before.

W" for y‘ no man tooke exception to them were putt to y° question &
by a generall erecéon of hands ratyfyed and confirmed as y* former
ef §for§ a standinge Lawe. [310]

8S Iohn Dauers presented vnto the Court three seuerall Booke of
Accompt€ of the Earle of Southampton for the Three last years past
of his Lo Gouerment Audited and approved of vnder the Audito™
hands: Touchinge w™ Accompté hee moved that although by the
Order of the Company his Lo’: was to haue his Quietus est for the
two former years: Yett seeinge itt was now agreed his Lo™ three
year€ Gouerment should extend till the next Quarter Court And that
this his last years Accompt is by order to ly open in Court till then.
That therfore his Lo” Quietus est be respited vntill hee may
receave itt for all his Accompts together w™ y°® Court generally agreed
vnto and ordered the same accordingly.

S’ Edwin Sandys Accompt¢ beinge likewise presented in Courte
Audited and approved of, Itt was ordered that in regard itt appeared
that they had layne open in Seuerall Courté¢ their due times appointed

426 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

by the orders of the Company and no exception taken vnto them his
Quietus est should be graunted him w™ beinge presented in Court redy
drawne vpp was read and approved by a generall erecéon of hands
and ordered to be sealled: The Coppy wherof doth here ensue.’ [311]

The Accompt¢€ likewise of m* In° fferrar beinge psented in Court
Audited and approved of both by the Audito” and Comittees and haue-
inge layne their due times open in Courte and noexception taken vnto
them: The Courte ordered hee should haue his Quietus est w™ beinge
redy engrossed to the same effect as the former was read approved
and ordered to be sealled beinge as followeth

The Treasuror and Company of Adventurers and Planters of y* Cittie of Lon-
don for the first Colony in Virginia To all to whome these plsent¢ shall com
greetinge: Wheras Iohn fferrar of London Marchant late Deputy of the said
Company hath by ffower seuerall Book€ of Accompt€ of his office of Deputyship
extendinge from y°® 20% day of Aprill 1619 till the 22" Day of May 1622 exhib-
ited vnto the Court¢ of the said Treasuror and Company A true and pfect
Accomp‘ of all monneys by him Received for the vse of the said Company or
of the Colledge intended to be founnded in Virginia duringe y° time of his
Office aforesaid or afterward by order of ye Court or otherwise In w™
Accompt¢ hee hath allso pticularrly declared how the said monneys have been
disbursed and expended for the vse of y® saide Company and Colledge by law-
full Warfnt¢ w™ the Receipt€ endorssed or subscribed ynder the said warfnte
or in Booke for that purpose W“ accompt¢ accordinge to the orders of the
said Company have been duly examyned Audited and approved by the Aud-
ito™ and Comittees of the said Company as appeareth vnder their hands; and
afterward the said seuerall Book¢€ of Accomp* have layen openly on the Table
in the said Court¢ of the said Treasuror and Company duringe the times in the
said Companies orders appoynted and no exception hath been taken to them:
The said Trer and Company therfore accordinge to their orders in that case
established att the instance and desire of the saide Iohn fferrar haue for them
and their Successo™ acquitted and Discharged and by these jilsents doe for ever
acquitt & discharge the said Iohn fferrar his Heirs executo™ and administrato”™,
of and from all and every the said monneys by him received and of & from all
further Accompt by him to be rendred for the same and of and from all
Actons sutes and Demaund¢ for or by reason of the monneys or Accompte
aforesaid: In wittnes wherof the said Trer and Company haue herto caused

1 The copyist left three-fifths of the page blank, but the quietus est of Sir Edwin Sandys was not
inserted, as was evidently intended.

MAY 1}, 1623 427

their Legall seall to be affixed Given in a great and generall Quarter Court of
the said Treasuro" and Company held the 14th Day of May 1623 And in y°
year¢ of the raigne of our Soueraigne Lord Iames by the grace of God kinge
of England Scottland ffraunce & Ireland defender of the fayth C* (vizt) of
England ffraunce & Ireland the one and twentieth and of Scottland the six and
fiftieth.
[Sealed in the plsence of me
Ed. Collingwood secre'|

And further wheras itt appeared by the Audito™ and Coffiittees report
and testimony vnder their hands that m‘ Iohn fferrar stood engaged
in the Suiie of 320" for monny taken vpp att Interest of the Lady
Rumney and m‘ Thomas Mellinge wherof 200" was [312] imployd
in Provisions for buildinge of a fforte intended by Cap‘ Each and the
rest for discharge of Divers due and Lawfull Debts from y°Company :
The Court ordered accordinge to his request y‘ security should be
given him, Wherof a draught beinge presented in Court and read was
well approved of and by a generall erecéon of hande€ ordered to be
sealled beinge as followeth

Wheras itt appeareth by the Testimony of the Audito™ & Comittees of the
Company for Virginia vnder their hand writinge bearinge Date the 12% of
May 1623 That Iohn fferrar hath paid into the hands of the Right Hono™:
Henry Earle of Southampton Treasuror of the Company the some of 320"
taken vpp by him the said Iohn fferrar of the Lady Romney and m*™ Thomas
Mellinge in May last past in the year 1622 Wherof 200" was by order and
entreaty of the Quarter Court for to make pvisonns for the buildinge of the
fforte intended by Cap‘ Each, and the other was for discharge and payment of
divers due and Lawfull Debt€ from the Company approved by the Audito™ and
Comittees the Interest of w™ monneys haveinge been payd vntill this present
12" of May 1623 out of the Companies Cash the principall yett remaines
vnsattisfied and m* lohn fferrar still engaged vnto y* §seu%all§ pties afore
named for the said sume of 320" §Now for ye securitie & indempnity of y°
said In° fferrar and for y° payment and sattisfacton of y° sayd 820"§ together
w" all the Interest and Damages that shall arise therby: Itt is ordered and
agreed y*‘ all such Goods and Comodities as shalbe returned from Virginia
belonginge to the generall body of the Company shalbe from time to time
consigned and Delivered into the hands of the said Iohn flerrar to be by him

} This indorsement, in Collingwood’s own hand, was evidently inserted at a later time.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

sold and disposed of vntill the said Some of 320" shalbe fully payd and dis-
charged together w all the Interest and Damages that shall arise therby:
And for the farther securitie of the said Iohn fferrar itt is likewise further
ordered & agreed That itt shalbe lawfull for the said In? fferrar to receave &
take to his owne vse all such monneys and Debts as are and, shalbe due vnto
the Company from any whomsoever and hee y® said Iohn fferrar cann procure
vntill such time as hee be fully sattisfied and discharged of the said suffe of
320" together w™ all the Interest and Damages y‘ shall arise thereby.

And itt is ordered and agreed yt the acquittances and Releases of the said In°
fferrar shalbe a sufficient discharge vnto all such as shall pay him any monneys
vutill the afore said Debt be fully payd and Discharged. And in Confirmation
of y° pmises the Company for Virginia beinge assembled in a great & generall
Quarter Court held for Virginia the 14" day of May 1623 haue here vynto
caused their legall seall to be affixed.

Sealed and delivered in the pisence

of me Edw. Collingwood secr *||

The Accompt likewise of m* Nicholas fferrar Deputy weetkewise
for his last|| year was Hike presented beinge Audited and approved
of by y® Audito™ and Committees w™ Accompt is by order to ly open

in Court till the next Quarter Court for any man to pvse & examine
that will. [3813]

The 7 Pattents w™ herafter follow beinge duly examyned and Com-
pared by the Comittee in the morninge and by them found agreeable
to y° Companies orders and to former presidents were now putt to the
question and by a generall erecéon of hand€ no one discentinge ordered
to be sealled viz‘

Patent to m* ffrauncis Harwell.

Patent to m’ Thomas More.

Patent to m* Richard Norwood.

Patent to m* Edward Hurd.

Patent to m’ John ffells.

Patent to m’ In°: Blyth.

Patent to m’ Rop and m’ ffitzleofferie.

Allso a Confirmation of 32 Shares to m™ In® Newport Discended
vnto him by the death of his ffather Cap Christopher Newport, w™

! This indorsement, in Collingwood’s hand, was also inserted at a later date.

“

MAY jy MMB 429

confirmation beinge read and approved in y* Preparative Court as
allso in the morninge by the Comittee was now putt to the question
and ordered to be sealled.

Accordinge to a former moon in y® Preparatiue Court y*® Lord Bruice
was now admitted into the Company and chosen to be one of his Ma”
Counsell by a generall erecéon of hands.

Allso 8* Humphrey May was chosen to be one of the Counsell.

In like manner m* White and m‘ Tomlyns beinge proposed in y’
former Courte were now chosen to be of the Counsell ='—Fhemas.

M' Thomas Newton haveinge been employed in warninge of Courte
ever since m'‘ Carter lefte the place, and beinge proposed att the last
Court as one very sufficient to pforme the service, Itt was by erection
of hands agreed hee should be continued as Beadle in the warninge of
Courte till the next Quarter Courte & then should be chosen for the
place.

The Shares propounded the last Court were now passed and Confirmed
and the psonns admitted (vizt)

Tenn shares assigned to Iohn Burgh from Peter Humble.
Allsoe one Share assigned to m* Robert Edwards from m‘ Bland.

S’ Edw: Sackvill, S* Rob* Killigrew, and 8‘ [ohn Dauers were by this
Court entreated to goe to morrow to the Comissioners, And to signifie
vnto them y‘ the Comp’: to their great ioy and Content haue vnder-
stood of the deliuery of his Ma: Cofiission vnto their hands to
enquire and Certifie all such abuses and misdemeano”™ as haue been
Comitted att home or abrode in y‘ Gouerment any waies tendinge to
the piiudice or ouerthrowe of y* pious and Royall worke [$14] And
doe therfor verie ernestly and vnanimously desire that they would be
pleased to take seriously into their consideracon the trueth, or fals-
hood of a Certaine Information not longe agoe exhibited by one Cap-
taine Butler vnto his Ma“ entituled The Vnmasked face of our Colony

430 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

in Virginia w™ hath given soe Deadly a wound to the happy progress
and prossperitie of that Colony as vntill by their wisedomes and integ-
rities the truth may be discouered and the World againe repossessed
w" their former good opinion and w™ the late conceived hopes of that
Plantaéon itt mvst indubitably languish if not shortly pish for want
of those dayly supplies w™ before y® Reputaéon of that Plantaton
|lwas thus taynted|| cam in great aboundance, many well disposed
psonns beinge by the great conceived hopes therof invited some to
transport their psonns others largly to contribute their purses to the
great encrease of y* glorious Action.

This beinge an Act w™ is in the Comissioners power to graunt and a
favour so benifyéall for the Company to receave they shall proporéon
their acknowledgment and thanke accordinge to their iust estimaéon
of the same.

Itt was allsoe further moved y* the Comissioners might §be§ very
ernestly desyred togeather wth the examinaéon of the said informaéon
to take into their serious consideraéon the Declaration fisented by the
Counsell one Wednesday last touchinge Capt: Argall and Cap‘ Butler,
w" was conceived to haue strict relation to that pt of Cap‘: Butlers
information w™ concerned the misgouerment in Virginia.

ffor somuch as itt was informed the Comittee heretofore appoynted
for drawinge vpp the Preamble for bringinge in the 40000 waight of
Spanish Tobacco had as yett done nothinge therin: The Court ernestly
desyred that they or any of them (not excludinge any other of the
Company that would com in and vnderwrite) would meet aboute itt
some time to morrow in thafternoone to expedite the same that some
Accompt therof may be given to the Lo: Treasuror assoone as may be
W™ his Lo” expects.

Vppon moéon order was given for drawinge and Seallinge a Comission
for Iohn ffells M* of y* Iacob of about 80: Tunn for transportinge of
Passengers and goods to Virginia. [315]

MAY 17, 1623

AN EXTRAORDINARY COURTE HELD ON SATTERDAY IN ¥"
AFTERNOONE Y" 17™ or May 1623

PRESENT
Right Hono*:

Lo: Southampton. S' Henry Mildmay.
Lo: De Lawarr. S* Edward Horwood.
S' Io: Dauers. S'* Lawrence Hide.
S* Robert Killigrew.

m’ Harbert. m* Copeland. Cap‘ Butler.

m* Tomlyns. m’ Kirbie. - mn” Swaine.

m’ White. m'‘ More. m1’ Scott.

m’ Gibbes. ~ mm Withers. mn’ Geo: Smith.
m’ Bynge. m’ Newporte. m* Owen Arthur.
m’ Palauicine. m’ Risley. m’ De Lawne.
m’ Barbor. m' Sheldon. m’ Collett.

m’ Berblock. m’ Seamor. W" divers others.
m’* Whitley. m* Woodall.

m* Casewell. m* Ley.

m' Balmforde. m‘ Sheppard.

rm" Blande. m‘ Hobbé.

m* Palmer. m*‘ Morewood.

m* Swinhoe. m1‘ Sparrow.

The Earle of Southampton acquainted them that this Court was vppon
a warrantt received from his Ma“: Comissioners and Dyrected to the
Secretary the Coppy wherof hereafter followeth.

By vertue of his Ma“: Coffiission vnder the greate Seale of England to vs and to
others dyrected bearinge date the 9" day of this instant Maie; These are to require
yo" to bringe before vs to y° Questhouse next adioyninge to S“ Andrews Church in
Holborne vppd Satterday next by two of the Clock in y® afternoone, all and singuler
such Letters Pattents, Proclamaéons, Comissions, Warrant€, Records, Ordert

432 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Book¢, Accompt¢, Entries and all other notes and writinges remayninge in yo" or
any of yo" Custodies concerninge the Plantaéons in Virginia or the Suter Lands or
concerninge the severall Companies there to be pvsed by vs accordinge to y° dyrec-
tons of the said Comission: Hereof faile yo" not;

Dated this flifteenth of May — 1623.

Yo" lovinge frends
William Tones.
To Edward Collingwood Secretary to the Nicho: ffortescue.
Comp* of Virginia and to the Clerks & Officers Hen: Spiller.
of y° saide Comp* or to such other personns ffra: Gofton.
to whome itt may appteyne.. sis _ Wm: Pitt. [316]

Whervppon y® Court ordered and appointed the Comittee hereafter
named or any Three of them w™ the Secretary to attend the Comis-
sioners from time to time w™ the Letters Patent€, Booke of Accompt
C* by them requyred to be brought, And att every rysinge of y° Comis-
sioners to bringe back the originall letters, Patente, leavinge ther
w' them the Coppies of the said letters Patente w™ they hoped would
content y° Comissioners: As for Accompt¢ the Comissioners were to
be desyred in the Companies name that they would respite y° Deliuery
vuntill the Accomptant might take Coppies of them when together
w" the other things they should be deliuered vnto them.

The Comittee are these:

S' Robert Killigrew. _* . m’ Withers.
S' Iohn Dauers. : m’ Bland.
m* Harbert. m’ Barbor.
m* Tomlyns. eee oe TO ESR ele.
m’* White.

A moéon was made that the Declaraéon entituled.

A Declaration made by the Counsell for Virginia
& principall Assistante for the Somer Dandeé of their
iudgment¢ touchinge one originall great cause of y°
dissenéon¢€ in y° Companies and present opposiéone

Deliuered into the Court by the Counsell on Wednesday the 7 of May
might be directed w request vnto the Comissioners that they would

MAY 17, 1683 433

take speedy consideracon of itt was conceived that the said Declaraéon
was Deliuered vnto them allredy from the LL’ of the Counsell who
had the same and that itt was and would be incident w™ y* examina-
éon of Capt Butlers Declaraéon recomend from the last Quarter Court
to be first examined. Butt for the more suerty itt was concluded that
the Gentlemen dyrected by the Court to goe w the Secretary (carry -
inge the Patents and book) should make request from the Company
to the Comissioners for the speedy examininge of the said Declaraéon
deliuered in by the Counsell for Virginia on Wednesday the 7” of May
together w™ the said former Declaraéon of Captaine Butler as matter
of speciall consequence & encourragm’ of the Plantaéon and therfor
to be speedyly cleered and adiudged.

Itt was moved y* in regard through the two Deputies restrainte m’
Iohn fferrar and m” Nicholas fferrar ther was a great interrupéon in
preparinge of the buisines of the Company for the Cofiissioners: And
if att the meetinge of the CoMissioners they should be absent their
would phapps arise great preiudice to y° Companies causes in respect
they were the greatest Accomptant€ and by reason of their places
most versed in the buisines of these latter years y* therfore the LL’ of
his Ma“ most honob*: Privy Counsell might be humbly Petiéoned in
the name of the Company soe farr [317] to release them of their
restrainte as they might be enabled to goe forward w™ the buisines
and in pticuler to attend the Comissioners when the Companies Causes
should be handled w™ in regard itt was conceived to be for the gen-
erall good of the Company was hoped would be graunted: And itt was
accordinglie ordered that a Peti@on to that effect should be drawne
vpp to be plsented to the GL*:'

1The order for this restraint is referred to in List of Records, No. 505, Vol. I, page 174, ante.
16456—vo. 2—06——28

434 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

A Court HELDE FOR VIRGINIA ON SATTERDAY
y* 24™ or May—1623.

PRESENT

Right Honob’ Lord Cauendish.
Lord Lawarre.
Lord Paget.
S'* Edward Sackuill.

[ Blank space for names of members attending. |

M’ Deputy signified that hee callinge this extraordinary Court was
vppon a Ire from his Ma“*: dyrected vnto the Tfer Counsell & Com-
pany w™ the Earle of Southampton havinge read had Delivered vnto
him, himselfe by reason of extraordinary occasions beinge forced to
be absent The Coppie of the Letter here ensueth.

Tames Rex:?

Trustie and welbeloved wee greet yo" well; fforeseeinge many inconveniencies
of pernitious consequence to the Plantaéon of Virginia (the good wherof wee
haue ever soe much affected) by sundry disorders and abuses crept of late into
the Courts & other assemblies held for that Companie, & haveinge to that pur-
pose dyrected now a Comission vnder the great Seale of England for y°
examyninge of those abuses and all other miscarriages in that Goverm*‘ since
the first begininge therof, Wee haue in our wisedome thought fitt as a Prepar-
ative to y® Reformaécon wee intend, to signifie hereby our pleasure and expresse
Comaundem‘ vnto yo", That no man of what degree or quallytie soever shall
com to those Courts or Cofiittees of yo" Comp*: who besides his ffreedome and
Land hath not some men now or lately planted vppon his shares, or that is not
att this instant engaged (& accordingly pursues) the sendinge of men or supplies
thither by the next shippinge; Att w" meetings if any other shall plsume to
be plsent they are to be pceeded against as factious and seditious psons: And
our pleasure is y‘ this Comaund shall continue vntill the returne of the Comis-

1The headings of a similar letter to be written to the King in the handwriting of N. Rich (?) are
in the Public Record Office, Manchester Papers, No. 872.

MAY 24, 1623 435

sion now on foote for settling these buisinesses; Wee doe likewise utterlie
forbid, that any Complaints be brought to the Comissioners against any man
in y® name of the Counsell or Company, (as wee doe in like manner require the
Comissioners not to meddle w™ any such) because y‘ course tends onely to
Defamaéon and to raise more contenGon, for nothinge [318] can be the Act of
y° Company w™ is not first openly Debated and resolved; Wherin forasmuch |
as wee vnderstand the Lords of our Counsell haue given express order that no
matters of difference should be any more stirred there, and soe by that means
to bringe matters Determyned by y* Counsell and Company to the Comissioners
iudgm w were to preoccupate the Comissioners Iudgment€ or else to oppose
the Act and opynion of the Coffiissioners to y° Act of the Counsell & Company
Our will and pleasure therefore is y* whatsoever hee or they be that will Com-
plaine of any man, either for publiq, wronge to the Company or pryvate iniu-
ries to himselfe, they shall bring their Complaints in writinge subscribed w™
their names to y° Comissioners, who shall receive answere therof in writinge
and therevppon pceed as they shall see cause: In all w% wee doe assure our
selves to finde that conformitie from yo", w™ in duety yo" owe to our
Comaundem“, & w vndoubtedlie wee shall expect att yo" hands; Given
vnder our Signett att our Court att Greenwich y° 18 of May 1623 In the one
and Twentieth yeare of our Raigne of great Brittaine, ffraunce & Ireland.

The letter beinge read itt was generally agreed y* in obedience to his
Ma“: Comaund they would keep no more Court¢ vntill they further
vnderstood his gratious pleasure concerninge y*® two pointes therin
conteyned, w” after they had w™ much reverence and duty maturely
considered of the Court besought the Lo: Pagett and S* Edward
Sackuill to drawe vpp an Humble PetiGon to his Ma” : w™ they accord -
inglie did and bringinge itt into the Court itt was ordered to be
Bsented to his Ma“: together w™ the reasonns of y® Courte y* Drawinge
of w™ into forme maynteyninge the substance of what had been
deliuered in Court, was referred to the Lo Pagett and S' Edward
Sackuill who pleased to vndertake itt And for y*® delivery both of the
reasonns and Petiéon the Court havinge had experience of his Hono™
love and affecéon to the Company and Plantaéons, besought my Lord
to entreat m* Chancellor of the Dutchy to perform this good Office
for them w™ not doubtinge butt y* hee would accept, m™ Georg Scott
m' Zouch and m’ Bennett were desyred to attend en m*™ Chancello*
w" the Petiéon and reasonns the day followinge att Courte.’

1 For the reasons presented at this Court, see List of Records, No. 511, Vol. I, page 175, ante.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

At A VirGIntA Court oN Munpay ry" 9™ or IvNE
1628

PRESENT
Right Hono™:

Lo Cauendish. S' Iohn Dauers.
Lo De Lawarr. S' Iohn Ogle.

S' E*: Sackuill. S' Iohn Bourchier.
S' Ro: Killigrew.

m'’ Deputy. m’ Etheridge. m’ Morris.
m’ Gibbes. m’* Rogers Senior. m’ Sheldon.
m’ Jo: fferrar. m* Jadwin. m’ Couell.
m’ Christ Brook. m* Hobbs. m’ Barbor.
m’ Wolstenholme. m’ Withrell. m'‘ Sheppard.
m’ White. m’ Roberte. m’ Collett.
m’ Palauicine. m'‘ More. m* Whitley.
m’ Bynge. m’* Sharrowe. Cap‘ Io: Smith.
m* Bothby. m’ Leauor. Cap‘ Bargraue.
m* Copeland. m'’ Georg Smith. m* Rogers iunior.
m' Balmforde. m* Vyner.
m’* Ro Smith.

m’ Newport.

m* D* Lawne.

m’* Rob* Iunior.

m* Webb.

m* Rider.

m’* Hackett.

W" divers others. [319]

M’ Deputy acquainted the Comp*: hee had Received a letter from his
Ma“: formerly deliuered by m’ Chancello’ of y* Dutchy w™ letter hee

JUNE 9,16028 = 9° 437

presented to the Courte wher vppon itt was opened and read the
Coppie wherof doth here ensue.

Tames Rex.’

Right trustie and welbeloved wee greete yo" well; Wheras wee vnderstand that
o* lette™ sent vnto yo" bearinge date the 18" day of May last past, haue been
conceived & ynderstood contrary to our meaninge and that for that cause yo"
Courts and Coffiittees haue been since forborne and the psecuéon of yo" buisi-
nesses before our Comissioners neglected;

Wee doe therfore signifie vnto yo" that our intenéon was not to exclude from
sittinge in yo" Courts any of those who by authoritie of our Letters Patente
haue right to be present att the same, beinge an Adventurer but onely if itt
appeare that any man for the strengthninge of Sides and mayntenance of
flaction haue been vnduely or w“out certaine right admitted, that then wee
will y° examinagon therof be likewise had before our said Coffissioners or
such others as wee shall appoynte if the cause shall sooner requyre itt; In the
meane time yo" may pceed in yo" Courts to yo" buisinesses vsinge y° libertie
graunted yo" by our Letters Patents, w™ such discreton and moderaéon touch-
inge the admittance of any man for the time to com as shalbe fitt soe hee be
an Adventurer. Itt is likewise our pleasure y* in psecucon of such causes
before our Comissioners as concerne the vnited body of yo" Company the
Comp*: may in their owne name followe the same butt shall nott by any
meanes in publiq, Court cause to be read any matter of psonall charge tending
to the publiq, disgrace of any pson whatsoever butt shall leave the same to
such of our Counsell for Virginia as y° body of y° Comp*: hath no complainte
against or such other Comittees as y* Court shall thinke Convenyent; And our
express pleasure is that y° Compa: forbeare to take vppon them the psecuéon
of any one pticuler mans cause but shall leave them w“out such publiq, ptec-
éon to exhibite everie one his Complainte in his owne name w™ they shall allso
subscribe w™ their hands; Given vnder our Signett att our Court att Whithall
the fowerth day of Iune 1623 in y° one & twentith year of our Raigne of
Greate Brittaine Fraunce & Ireland

The Court herevppon thinkinge itt fitt some remonstrance of their
thankfullnes should be given to his Ma‘ for soe gracious an Answere
desyred the Lord Cauendish, S* Edward Sackuill, Colonell Ogle and
S* Iohn Dauers to entreat m* Chancello‘ in the name of the Company

1In the Public Record Office, Manchester Papers, No. 378, is a copy of this letter, signed ‘vera
Copia E: Collingwood Secré’’ in the autograph of Collingwood. The handwriting is similar to that of
a copyist of the Court Book. See List of Records, No. 520, Vol. I, page 176, ante.

438 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

to take that further paines to plsent their Humblest thanks to his
Ma”: aceordinge to the minde of the Courte w™ was att large
expressed.

Itt was moved y* seeings by his Ma" letter the Company were att lib-
erty to prosecute such causes before the Comissioners as concerned
the vnited body of the Compa: they would therfore now bethinke
themselvs of some fitt matter to present vnto them to worke vppon
y’ by a speedy begininge they might com to a speedy end: Wher-
vppon itt was agreed and ordered that their should be imeadiatly pre-
sented to y° Comissioners the reasonns of the exception€ w™ the Com-
pany tooke against St Tho: Smithe Accompt¢ And together therwith
the other Declaraéons Answers C*. w™ the Grand Comittee haveinge
drawne vpp had formerlie presented to the Company. Amongst w™
they conceived [320] Capt Butlers Vnmaskinge of Virginia to be of
greatest importance and therfore to be recomended to the Comission -
ers to be expedited And to this end for the better preparinge of those
and other matters wherof the Company were to make their defence;
Itt was thought fitt and by a generall erecton of hands ordered y‘
the Auditors and those seuerall Comittees y’ were formerly appoynted
should againe meet as often as there should be occasion; And that
the Counsell should allsoe meet and ioyne w™ them in their advises
about the same And soe in the Companies name matters should be
presented to the Comissioners accordinge to the permission of his
Ma": letter.

Vppon request made a Comission was ordered to be drawne vpp and
Sealled for Edmund Tutchin M’ and Cap‘ of y® Due Returne of Lynn
of about 60 Tunn for Transport of Passengers to Virginia and after
for a fishinge Voyadge.

Vppon a Moéon a Patent was ordered to be drawne vp against the
Quarter Court for m’ ‘Dilke and his Associates for Plantinge
one hundred personns in Virginia at their owne charge.

M’ Deputy propounded the passinge of one Share from m* Iohn
Burgh to m' Anthony Withers beinge one of those 10 Shares formerly
passed vnto the said Iohn Burgh from Peter Humble.

1A blank space in the manuscript.

JUNE 18, 1688

A CourT HELDE FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDNESDAY
IN THE AFTERNOONE Y* 18™ or IvneE 1623.

PRESENT

Right Honob® Lo: Cauendish.
Lo Lawarr.
S* Ro: Killigrue.

m’* Dep”. m‘ Ed: Bennett. m* Webb.
m’ Tomlyns. m’ Jadwin. m’ Geo Smith.
m’ Winckfeild. m’ Barbor. m’ Collett.
m’ Gibbs. m* Widowes. m’ Ric: Bennett.
m* Bynge. m'‘ Robert¢. m* Hackett.
m’ Palavicine. m’ Withrell. m’ Cuffe.
m’ Downes. m' Ryder. m* Sparrow.
m’ Ro: Edwards. m’ Procter.
m’* Balmforde.

mn’ Sheldon.

m’* Newport.

m’ Swinhoe.

m’ Sharrow.

m' Bothby.

W" divers others. [321]

The Court held the 9" of Ivne was now read and by a generall erec-
éon of hands approved to be rightly sett downe.

A moéon was made (as had been formerly) y‘ for somuch as itt was
Complayned from Virginia that divers Passengers came ouer w™
slender and scantt pvisions to maynteyne them after their Arryvall
wherby they either vnderwent many inconvenyencies or otherwise
became burdensome to the Colony ther in releivinge them to the great
encrease of their want and scarsitie, That therfore fully to prevent
the like inconvenyencies hereafter some speedie course be taken to

440 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

enioyne them to goe better provided here-after to Virginia since the
published Declaration (though given to every man that went) did not
seeme to haue effected itt, beinge by way of dyrecton and advise and
therfore there should be some meanes vsed to constrayne. This
moéon was well approved & held to be verie waightie and important,
butt the Court not conceivinge how such an Order could generally be
observed in respect divers Ships sett outt some from the West partes
others outt of Ireland, have referred itt to the consideraéon of a
Cofiittee. (vizt)

m’* Deputy. m* Roberte€. m* Kirby. m’ Cuffe.
m’ Bynge. m’ Procter. -  m* Webb. m’ Rider.

Who are appoynted to meet atm’ Deputies to morrow being Thursday
about 4: in the after noone to Consider what good order or pvision
might be made therin and how itt might be putt in execution that
such as goe in psonn or shall otherwise transport anie Passengers
thither doe pvide and carry with them such a due proporeon of
Victuall and other necessaries as are pticularly sett downe in the
printed Bill w™ the Company haue heretofore published.

The Owners of the Abigall made request they might be paide the
monneys due vnto them for fraight accordinge to their Charter party
in regard they were ernestly called vppon by the marriners to dis-
charge their wages: Whervppon m* Deputy informed the Court howe
vnexpectedlie the Companies Designes had been frustrated and a great
damage com vppon them, of payinge a great Sum of mony in regard
that ther was not as hee vnderstood aboue 6000 waight of Tobaceo
returned wheras ther should haue been att the least 30000 by the
Companies Contract att 3° the pound: Whervppod the Company is to
make vpp the rest W although by y° Generall letter the Gouernor
and Counsell doe promise [$22] the next year to see paide and dis-
charged and the Company reimbursed, yett itt came now most
vnfortunately and greiuously.

As for the Demaunds of the Owners hee signified that they required
as much as if the fforte had been builded pretendinge they were
deteyned soe longe as if they should have been to doe itt.

JUNE 18, 1623 a » 441

The Court seeinge two questionns first what was due, Secondlie how
itt should be sattisfied did appoynt the Comittees followinge together
w"" two of the Auditors to take the seuerall poynt¢ into their Consid -
eraéon and to make report therof to the Preparatiue Courte that such
course might be taken therin as may be agreeable to right and equitie.

The Owners of the Abigall further Acquainted the Court that wneras
they vnderstood a great part of the beer, was bad and such as had
likelie much endamaged the peoples health that, that Beer was bought
of m* Dupper, who had received of them a great price for itt: Wher-
fore as well for the Cleeringe of their Inocencie as allso for the iust
sattisfactéon of the world they purposed to Complaine either to the
Comissioners or the GL‘ of the Counsell in cause the Company had
not sufficient authorytie of themselvs to peeed against m* Dupper
desyringe y’ the Company would be pleased to take the matter into
their serious Consideraéon and to ioyne w™ them as well for the pre-
ventinge of the like hereafter as allso that as the Company had the
greatest pt in the Damage so they might iustly expect in the restitu-

éon: The Court conceivinge the matter very waightie and by no means
to be passed ouer did referr itt to the Counsell to advise what course
were fittest to be held and to peeed theron accordinglie either before
the LL’: of thé Counsell or the Comissionors.

M’ Deputie moved y‘* wheras the Somer Lland¢ Court att their last
Court appoynted a Comittee to advise and consider about the manner
of entringe the orders of Court€ (vizt) whether itt be necessarie to
menéon their names that shall make any moéon or proposiéon in
Court.
Hee moved the like consideraton might be hadd touchinge y°® Orders
of Court for this Company whervppon the Court recomended itt to
the care of the former Comittee addinge some few others vnto them
viz.

Ka: of Warwick. ‘S* Lawrence Hide.

Lo: Cauendish. m* Gibbes.

Lo: De Lawarr. m* Nicho: fferrar.

8S Sam: Sandys. m’ Rider or any 4:

S* Io: Dauers.

442 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Who are desired to meet a#bev att m* Deputies |jabout it|| to morrow
beinge Thursday aboute 5 in the Afternoone. [323]

And wheras itt was likewise informed y* divers m™ in Virginia doe
much neglect and abuse their servant¢€ there with intollerable oppres-
sion and hard vsage the former Comittee are desyred to advise and
consider of the best course they cann how theise greevances and abuses
may be redressed and reformed.

The widdow Smalleys petiéon was read and adraught of y° Companies
answere ther vnto w™ the Court approved and by a generall erecéon
of hands ordered to be deliuered to the Comissioners on Satterday
next.

The Right Hondble the Lord De Lawarr signified y* Cap* Brewster
haueinge by chance broken the Seale y* was affixed to his acquittall
from y° vniust sentence of condempnation by Cap‘ Argall in the Mar-
shalls Court in Virginia and beinge to plsent the same to his Ma”: did
make request itt might be sealled w™ a new Seale W™ request the
Court takinge into consideration did rather thinke fitt to graunt him
a Duplycate therof itt beinge vsuall (and denyed to no man) to take
Duplyeates of Patents vnder y° great Seale of England.

Edward Downes peticoned that his sonne Richard Downes haveinge
continued in Virginia these 4 years, whe ||and|| beinge bred a scholler
went ouer in hope of preferment in the Colledge there; might now
be sett free to live there of himselfe ||and haue shares of land to
plant vpon|| The Court conceivinge this Court §Suite§ to be verie
reasonable haue recomended the graunt therof to the next Quarter
Courte.

M’* Withers haveinge a share passed vnto him att the last Court &
||Inowe againe|| ppounded (wherat no excepéon beinge taken) was
admitted.

JUNE 23, 1683

PREPARATIVE CouRTE 237" Iunis 1623.

PRESENT

Lo: Cauendish.
S' E?: Sackvill.
S' Robert Killigrew.
S* Iohn Dauers.

m’ Deputy. m* Widdowes. m' Copeland. mm’ Baldwin.

mn’ Jo: fferrar. m* Jadwin. m* Boothby. mm’ ffotheringall.
m’ T*’ Sheppard. m™ Moorer. m* Whitley. m’ Dey.

m’ Barbor. Cap‘ Bargraue. m'‘ Sheldon. m* Roberte.

m* Withers. m* Waller. m’ Ewens. m’ Cajiinge.

m’ Ro: Edwards. m’ Baynham. wm’ Collett. m* Webb.

m’* More. m’‘ Barker. m'‘ Geo: Smith. m' Meuerell.

m’ Nicholls. m' Sparrow.[324]

M’ Deputie acquainted the Company of some Court¢ w™ hadd not yett
been read throught want of time and much buisines two of them
beinge those w™ himselfe was not present att and therfore desyred y*
Court€ diligent attendance if they should need any a mendment.

Whervppon the Quarter Court held the 14 of May last was Read
wherat no excepéon beinge taken itt was putt to the questionn and by
a generall erecéon of hand¢ approved to be rightlie sett downe.

Next was Read the Court held the 17" of May w™ in like manner was
by a generall erecéon of hand¢€ approved to be rightly sett downe.

Next the Court held the 24" of May was read and by a generall erec-
Gon of hands approved to be rightly sett downe.

Lastly the Court held the 18 of Ivne was read and by a gennerall
erecéon of hands approved to be rightlie sett downe.

444 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Comittee concerninge Passengers haveinge brought their opynions
to this Court in writinge the same was read: Butt the Courte vppon
further debate fyndinge many difficulties to arise aboute the execuéon
therof (wherin they desyred to be better sattisfied) haue recomitted
the same againe to the former Comittee addinge vnto them m* Morer
m’ Whitley and m* Withers to take itt into farther consideraéon to
see if they cann ppose some feazible way how such a course may be
taken as to cause all Passengers that goe to Virginia be well furnished
w" Provisions accordinge to the published Declaration: The said
Comittee are likewise to Consider how the abuses complayned of
toward¢ servants in Virginia may be reformed.

S' Edward Sackuill moved y‘ the Earle of Southampton might haue
his Quietus est for his three years Accompte€ accordinge to order and
as was ordered att the last Quarter Courte, his saide Accompte for the
two former years haveinge duly layen open in Courte audited and
approved of w“out excepéon; And this latter years Accompt allsoe
haveinge layen in y° CoMissioners hands for any man to pvse that will
& noe excepéon taken thervnto.

Touchinge w™ the Court beinge well sattisfied and conceivinge itt was
most due and fitt his Lo’: should haue his Quietus est ordered ther-
vppon the same to be drawne vpp against the Quarter Courte. [325]

Itt was likewise moved y‘ in regard m* Deputy fferrars Accomp* for
y° year past was presented att the last Court Audited and approved
both by the Audito” and Comittees and beinge since that time deliu-
ered vpp to his Ma”: Cofiissioners hath there layen open for any man
that pleased to pvse And seeinge no excepcon hath been taken there-
vunto in all this time that therfore hee might allsoe haue his Quietus
est accordinge to order and as was pmised att the last Quarter Court,
W" the Court accordingly graunted vnto him, orderinge the same to
be drawne vpp againste the Quarter Courte.

M* Deputy acquainted the Court that the Audito™ and Comittee
appoynted to treat w™ the Owners of the Abigall had mett beinge
assisted with divers others of the Company and especially by 8* Edward

‘

JUNE 23, 1683 —: 445

Sackvill and haveinge taken into ||their|| Consideraéon the two pointe
referred vuto them by the last Court namely what was due to the said
Owners, & Secondly how itt should be payd; Doe finde y* by the
Charter party theris Due vnto them for fraight of goods outward
belonginge to the Generall Comp*: after the rate of 3" p Tunn—i6 >
102": And they finde likewise by the plaine and express words of the
Charter party the Company was bound to make their ffraight home-
ward 400" although the fforte were not built by them: W™ the Compa:
did adventure to doe vppon assurance of ladinge 30000: waight of
Tobacco att 3° p pound w™ was never once doubted there could be any
faylinge in, consideringe that divers Years heretofore the Colony hath
vppon the Companies order laden farr greater quantities abourd the
Ships appoynted from hence:

Butt what by the Calamities of the year and what by the negligence
and defaut of the people who brought not in the quantities of Sassa-
phras ||w*"|| they were enioyned to doe, to have therby made supply
of y° former defect the Ship was returned home with ex |jonly|| about
5000: waight of Sassaphras and betwixt 6: and seaven thousand
waight of Tobacco w™ att 3° p pound would not com to aboue 80"
sterlinge: Soe y‘ the fraight would fall short of what the Comp* was
bound to pay them homeward 320" or ther aboute towardé all which
ther was nothinge sent butt a Small quantytie of Saxafras, And
although by the generall letter the Gouerno' and Counsell doe pmise
& binde themselvs to make full sattisfacéon and reimburse this charge
to the Company yett the Cofiittee did conceaue the Company not a
little wronged in the not pformance therof especially consideringe the
great quantitie w™ was sent to Holland wherout they conceived there
should haue been made a good allowance toward¢ the Defrayinge of
this Charge.

Butt howsoeuer the Colony had broken w™ the Company, y° Company
might not doe soe w™ those w™ whome they had contracted vnder their
seall To whome there appeared due w“out contradiction or denyall
420" presupposinge allwaies that the Tobacco returned home was but
6500: waight as the Purser had deliuered and offereth to maynteyne

446 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COPMANY

by oath, ffor §if§ there shalbe found any more to be brought home
the Owners are to receaue 3° for every pound and so much is to be
Deducted from the Companies Debt. [326]

As for the farther Demaund of the Owners of the Abigall who say y‘
by the authority and power of the Gouernor and Counsell in Virginia
they were deteyned vntill the last day y' they were bound to stay in
case they had gone forward w™ the Forte and thervppon Demaunded
sattisfaccon of 160": p monneth accordinge as their Charter pty express-
eth they should haue in case they were deteyned longer then Aprill:
The Comittee conceaved that in case itt shalbe sufficiently proved that
the said Ship and Marriners were deteyned as they pltended that then
theris sattisfaction to be made them from the Colony accordingly as
was Covenanted in the Charter pty: Butt in regard that the Marriners
to whose benifitt the ptractinge of Voyadges cheifly conduceth are
not sufficient wittness and y* the Company haue no reason to thinke
that the Gouerno’ & Counsell would soe vnadvisedlie deteyne a Ship
of such charge to no purpose butt doe rather conceive that itt was the
Marriners negligence or other default that kept them there so longe—
They therfore thinke fitt to Referr this matter vnto examination in
Virginia especially consideringe that the payment is to be raysed from
them there.

The Court after much Dispute and Debate vppon those poiftes in the
end agreed and consented vnto the Report of y® Comittees and their
iudgment (vizt) that vppon the premises theris due vnto the Owners
420": And y‘ if vppon examination in Virginia itt be found y* they
were deteyned longer then they ought to haue been by the Colony
that then further sattisfacéon should be made them by the Colony
pporconably to the time w™ they were detayned more.

As for the payment of the Debt of 420" w appeared due itt was
ordered that the Saxaphras should be sould by m* Webb and m* Cuffe
and the peeed therof paid vnto the Owners in pt of Discharge of this
Debt and y‘ the rest should be payd vnto them assoone as monneys
came in and for their further sattisfacéon that they should haue such

JUNE 28, 1623 i 447

securitie given vnto them as was vnto m" John fferrar, (vizt) y* itt
should be lawfull for them, to receaue such Debts Due vnto the Com-
pany as they could procure in till they were sattisfied and y* after the
Discharge of the Companies bond to m* John fferrar all such goods
should be returned from Virginia belonginge to the Generall Company .
should be consigned vnto them for payment of what should be due
vnto them.

Lastly itt was ordered y* by the next dispatch into Virginia their
should be letters addressed vnto the Colony in the Companies name
requyringe sattisfacéon to be made this next yeare [327] of the former
sume together w™ all the rest of the charge the Company were att
coneerninge the fforte and y‘ itt should be signified that the Comp’:
conceaue itt iust that those who ave §for§ a greater advantage vnto
themselves did send their Tobacco to Holland, should bear a large
proporéon consideringe they vndergoe much less charges then they
that sent theirs home.

The Owners of y® Abigall earnestly moved that some speedy course
might be taken against Dupper y® Bruer for his bad condiéoned Beer
soe much complayned of: w™ the Court takinge into Consideraéon itt
was att length thought fitt that before they pceeded against him hee
be first spoken w“all that they may know what answere hee cann make
to this his charge W™ Course beinge well approved the Court entreated
m‘ Deputy m’ Withers and m* Widdowes to goe to m* Dupper and talke
w™ him about itt and bringe his answer to the Quarter Courte y’
accordingly the Company may resolue how to peeed against him.

S' Iohn Dauers signified that the Counsell haveinge taken into their
consideraéon that although there be many worthy Cittizens of the
Counsell, yett either through busines or otherwise they doe not give
that diligent attendance as the Actions of the Plantaéons requires And
since the Nobillytie and gentry are most of them absent in the Vaca-
tion when yett divers waighty and vrgent busisnesses happen The
Counsell therfore in Supply therof haue thought fitt that fower should
be Chosen of the Counsell such as their continuall lyvinge in Towne

448 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

doth pmise they wilbe verie carefull of the buisiness w™ they haue as
pryvate members Dilligently followed and thervppon ppounded

m* George Scott,
m’ Iohn Bland Cittizens
m’ Tho: Whitley
m* Berblock gent

Whervppon itt was by erecéon of hands ordered y* they should be
recomended to the Quarter Courte to be chosen of his Ma: Counsell.

A moéon was made in the behalfe of Cap* Bargraue that aswell in
regaurd of his longe attendance and sufficiencie as allso for that hee
had spent a good pt of his estate to advance the Plantaéon in Virginia
hee might therfore haue that favour afforded him as to succeed 8°
William Nuce deGeased in the place of Marshall of Virginia, w™
moéon and request the Courte thought fitt to referr to the further
Consideraéon of the Counsell.

M' Deputy acquainted the Court that hee hadd receaued from his
Ma: Comissioners a Petigon of m* Wrotes concerninge his standinge
bound for the Companies sute against Wye: w™ beinge read m* Dep-
uty acquainted the Court w™ the State of the buisines how that ther
was liberty for a yeare and a day to sue out the Appeall that itt was
thertefere ||hitherto|| Deferred in reguard that Wye himselfe is absent
and the five Suerties [828] that hee putt in, all come behinde hand,
soe y’ as itt would be a certaine charge to sue out the Appeale soe itt
could be to no purpose y® ptie beinge absent: Wherfore since ther
was yett 6 monneths time to doe itt in, the Advocates and Proctor
did advise y° Company not to sturr therin butt to expect Wyes returne
w if itt did not happen duringe that terme they were of opynion
that vppd soe iust ground the benifitt of the Appeale could not be
taken from the Company.

Last of all hee said that their opinion was that howsoeuer itt should
happen that no Damadge could arise aboue 20 nobles att y°® moste for
the Iudge had onely dismissed the sute without any damadge saveinge

JUNE 265, 1623 © a | 449

the charges w™ hee reserved to himselfe, to tax his answere the
Courte ordered shall be drawne vpp and plsented to the Comissioners
and w“all y' itt should be signified that ther on m* Bearblock y* stood
bound §together§ w™ him, and that there should be sufficient provi-
sion made to save them harmeless.

Vppon moon order was given for drawinge vpp two Patents the one
for m* Iohn Zouch and his Associates the other for m* Iohn Prynn of
London Marchant.

Vppon the like moéon order was given for Drawinge vpp a Comission
for the Trueloue of 50 Tunn wherof Iames Carter is ordeyned m’ for
Transportaéon of Passengers to Virginia and after for a fishinge
Voyadge.

At A QUARTER CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA
THE 25™ oF [UNE 1623

PRESENT
Right Hono™:'

Lo Cauendish. _. S' Io: Dauers.

Lo: D: Lawarr. . 8" Io: Ogle.

8S’ Edw: Sackuill. S' Edwin Sandys Iun‘
S' Sam: Sandys. S' ffrancis Leigh.

8S’ Rob: Killigrew. 8S Walter Earle.

m’‘ Deputy. m* Boothby. m’* Rider.
m’ Io Smith. | m’* Withers. m’ Roberteé.
m’ Gibbs. m™ Meuerell. m’* Sharrowe.

1A draft of this court is among the Ferrar Papers, and is probably a part of the original court
book.’ The two are identical in meaning and form of entry. The copy varies in orthography and
capitalization only, with a few exceptions. See List of Records, No. 526, Vol. I, page 177, ante. The
handwriting changes at the beginning of this court to that of an unidentified copyist, referred to above
as the sixth copyist.

16456—vo. 2—06——29

450 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY
m‘ Binge. m'* Widdowes. m* Rob: Edwarde.
m’ Tomkins. m* Tho Shippard. m’ Downes.
m’* White. m* Moorer.’? m’* Newport.
m’ Jo: ffarrar. m1’ Nicholls. m’ Swinhowe.
m’ Winkefeild. m’ Couell. m’ Sheldon.
m’ Paulavicine. m’* Leuer. m’ Smith.
m’ Barbo’. m’ Steward. m’* Woodall.
m’ Geo: Scott. m’ Viner. mn" Tatam.
m* Bull. m’*’ Edw: Waterhowse.

m’ Fothergill. m’ Dennis.

m’ Palmer. m’* Ewens.

m’ Proctor. m’ Hackett.

m* Moorer. m* Kerby.

m* Barkley. m* Webbe.

m’ Collett. m’ Cuffe.

Capt: Bargraue. m* Ley.

m’ Trueloue. m* Witherall.

m* Copland. m’* Moorewood.

m’ Baldwin. m’* Arthur Swaine.

m’ Biddolph.

M’ Deputy acquainted the Court that he had receaued a Letter from
his Ma“ sent vnto him by a Servaunt of m* Secretary Caluerts |jand
directed|| to the Treasuror Counsell and Companie for Virginia with
w tre hauinge acquainted the Counsell for Virginia they thought
fitt it should be first read before they proceeded to any other buissi-
nes: wherevpon the Lre was opened and read the Coppie whereof
doth here ensue. [329]

Iames R7

Right Trustie and welbeloued: Wee greet you well: forasmuch as wee haue
appointed a Cofiission to examine the present estate of the Virginia Plantation with
sundrie other things and matters appertayninge therevnto and that wee expect
within these fewe dayes to haue some Accompt made ys of their laboures in that

2 Written over the word ‘‘Moorewood.”’

JUNE 95, 1698 , . 451

seruice: Vnderstandinge that to morrowe beinge the 25" of this moneth; yo" intend
to hold a Court for the said Company: Our will and pleasure is that you do forbeare
the electon of any Officers vntill to morrowe fortnight at the soonest, but to let
those that be already remayne as they are, in the meane time Giuen at our Court at
Greenwitch the fower & Twentith day of Iune in the one & twentith yeare of our ~
Raigne of great Brittaine Fraunce and Ireland.

||Directed To y* right trusty and welbeloued the Tier Counsell
and Company of virginia||’

W Letter beinge read after a longe and general! silence in the Court,
it was at length taken into consideraéon, whither by the Kings Let-
ters Patents the Companie had power to make their elec¢on in any
other but a Quarter Court: Wherevpon the Patent beinge pervsed
and that pointe therein duly waighed and examined: It plainely
appeared by the verie expresse words of the Patent that the choise of
Counsello™ and Officers were restrained and lymited to Quarter Courte
onely and that although it were without negatiue or exclusiue word¢,
yet it was conceaued it was imployed in the verie sense thereof in
reguard there is sett downe perticulerly what shalbe donne in Inferio*
Courte and what in Quarter Court€: w*" manner of distinéon was con-
ceaued could amount to no lesse then a plaine exclusiue: And it was
further added that the Custome and vsage of the Companie in their
yearely elec@ons haue bin suitable therevnto havinge alwayes chosen
their Officers in Quarter Court¢ onely and not in other Courte.?

And it was further taken into consideraéon that whereas by the last
Quarter Court the Treasuror, Deputie, and other Officers of this Com-
panie were to continue in their places but vntill this present Court
whereby after this Day if they should not be continued by order of
this Court, the Gouerment would become voide and the Companie
destitute of Officers to followe and keepe Court€ and the Patent also
forfeited: It was therefore held fitt, the old Officers should be still
continued vntill a newe choise were made.

1A copy of this letter is in the Public Record Office, Manchester Papers, No. 380. The manuscript

ia similar to one of the copyists of the Court Book. See List of Records, No. 525, Vol. I, page 177, ante.
? This phrase reads in the draft among the Ferrar Papera as follows: ‘‘and in noe other courts.”

452 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Court havinge thus declared their opinion and diuers beinge
desirous that it might be put to the question, the Secretary was caused
by the Court first to sett the question downe in writinge w™ was dic-
tated vnto him in manner followinge vizt.

The Companie of Virginia in obedience to his Ma“” Letter do this day
forbeare their election, and do continue all their Officers till their next
Quarter Court, his Ma“ havinge giuen them power by his Letters
Patents to make election in Quarter Courtes only: W™ beinge read
and ||so|| put to the question the whole Court with one generall and
vnanimous consent agreed therevnto noe one dissentinge.

S' Samuell Sandys acquainted the Court that he had receaued a Letter
from S‘ ffrauncis Wyatt (the present Gouernor) wherein he made
request, that he would moue the Companie that aswell in reguard of
his great losse since he went to Virginia (beinge out of his estate well
neare 1000") as also in discharge of their owne promise to him (that he
should haue his iust number of men belonginge to his office as Gou-
ernor) that accordingly therevnto they would please to supplie him
very speedily beinge not able otherwise well to subsist w™ moéon and
request the Court thought fitt to referre to the consideraéon of the
Counsell.

The Preparatiue Court was nowe read and by a generall erecéon of
hand¢ approued to be rightly sett downe. [330]

Next the matters propounded in the said Court were againe moued ,
and passed in manner followinge

ffirst the Earle of Southamptons Quietus est for his three yeares
Accompt¢ audited and approued of, extendinge from 28 of tesvery
||Iune 1620|| vntill 25" Iunij 1623 beinge ordered at the last Quarter
Court as also in the last Preparatiue Court ||to be drawne vp and
brought to this Court|| the same was accordinglie donne and nowe
presented the Coppie whereof doth here ensue.

The Treasuror and Companies of Aduenturers and Planters of the
Citty of London for the first Colonie in Virginia to all vnto whome

JUNE 26, 1693 453

theis presents shall come greetinge, whereas the Right Hono” Henry
Ea: of Southampton Treasuror of the said Companie hath by three
seuerall Booke of accompte of his office of Treasuror of the said Com-
panie extendinge from the eight and Twentith Day of Iune—i623'
exhibited vnto the Court¢ of the said Treasuror and Companie a true
and perfect Account of all moneys by him receaued for the vse of the
said Companie or of the Colledge intended to be founded in Virginia
duringe the time of his Office as aforesaid: In w* Accompt¢ he hath
also perticulerly declared howe the said moneys haue bin disbursed
and expended for the vse of the said Companie and Colledge by law-
full warrant€ with Receipt€ endorsed or subscribed, w* Accounte
accordinge to the orders of the said Companie haue bin duely examined
audited and approued by the Auditors of the said Companie as appear-
eth vnder their hand¢€ and afterward the said seuerall Booke of
Account haue layne openly on the Table in the Court@ of the said
Treasuror and Companie duringe the times in the said Companies
order appointed and no exception hath bin taken to them The said
Treasuror and Companie therefore accordinge to their orders in that
ease established haue for them and their Successors acquitted & dis-
charged and by theis present¢€ do for euer acquitt and discharge the
said Henry Ea: of Southampton his heires executors and Adminis-
trato™ of and from all further Accompt¢ by him to be tendred for the
same and of and from all Acéons Suits and Demaunds for or by reason
of the moneyes or Account€ aforesaid In wittnes whereof the said
Treasuror and Companie haue hereto caused their legall Seale to be
affixed: Giuen in a great and generall Quarter Court of the said
Treasuror and Companie held the fiue and Twentith day of Iune 1623
And in the yeares of the Raigne of our Sou%aigne Lord Iames by the
grace of God Kinge of England Scotland ffraunce and Ireland Defendor
of the faith C* vizt of England ffraunce and Ireland the one and
Twentith and of Scotland the six and fiftith.

W“ beinge read and approued the Court ordered by a generall erecéon
of hand¢ should be sealed.

1 Error for 1620.

454 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Next m’ ||Deputies|| ffarrars Quietus est for ||this|| his yeares Account
extendinge from May 1622 till the 25" Iun: i623 beinge vpon like
order Drawne vp and brought vnto the Court was read approued and
ordered to be sealed. The Coppie wherof ensueth'

The Treasuror and Company of Aduenturers and Planters of the
Citty of London for the first Colony in Virginia to all vnto whome
these present¢ shall come greetinge: Wheras Nicholas fferrar Deputy
Treasuror of the said Company hath by one Booke of Accompt of
his Office of Deputishipp of the said Company extendinge from the

* day of May 1622 till the 25" daie of Ivne 1623 exhibited vnto
y® Courte of y°® [331] said Thier and Comp”: a true and pfect Ace? of
all monneys by him receaved for y° vse of the said Company; In w™
accompt hee hath allso pticularly declared how the said monneys
haue been disbursed and expended for the vse of y* said Company by
lawfull warrants w™ Receipts endorced or subscribed or otherwise
W™ Accompt€ accordinge to the Orders of the said Company haue
been dulie examined Audited and approved by the Audito™ of the
said Company as appeareth vnder their hands, and afterward the said
Booke of Accompt have layne openly on the Table in the Courte of
y° said Treasuror and Company duringe the time in y* said Companies
Orders appoynted and noe excepéon hath been taken to itt. The said
Thifer and Company therfore accordinge to their Orders in that case
established haue for them and their Successo™ acquitted and dis-
charged and by these pits doe for ever acquitt and discharge the said
Nicholas fferrar his heirs executo™ and Administrato” of and from all
and everie the said Monneys by him received and of and from all
further Accompt€ by him to be rendred for the same. And of and
from all Acéons Suites and Demaunds for or by reason of the monneys
or Accomp’ aforesaid; In wittness wherof the said Thresuror and
Company haue hereto caused their Legall Seale to be affixed. Given
in a great and Generall Quarter Court of y* said Threr & Company
held the five and twentieth day of Ivne 1623. And in the years of
the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord Iames by the grace of God Kinge

1The following ‘‘quietus est’’ is in the autograph of Thomas Collett (?).
2 A blank space in manuscript.

& GR ete aad ea bas |
hen “fit ad Seay Hace ton Bea

Sat On$ ofand from e@ -

4 Sata 6. 3 ae
” i.” ark Clb Ber

ar: ames ptt ey
7? 7 Seo ea nie wad nos

ee xy as

bo Br anon ee

7 a a eee po Lene hag -Lypt brrrt
— El: ae 3 eres Sy ly, ee

Gon ep ba pe oe tei
3 JU a:
2 Gy fide aii
= Ee rae ree

Geof open ders sie 2

Fisice. ae Peer ae? Le bm looe

Bice le te eae i eae ©

pes Soh bier |

: en een in 5 heh ;
has pt gaot BATS

fv L ni i rim say

sie Ober apen Gon Fans,

+ (avi. fh sg iat ee '

A OE AP Oy Bhi fggnes 10

JUNE 25, 1623 : 455

of England Scotland ffraunce and Ireland defendour of y* fayth C’
vizt of England ffraunce and Ireland the one and Twentieth and of
Scotland the six and ffiftieth.

Teste Edward Collingwood Sec*

Lastly the Companies Security to the owners of the Abigall for pay-
ment of 420" vpon the grounds and reasons expressed in the Prepara-
tiue Court besid¢ that w™ shalbe proued to be further due vnto them
beinge then also ordered to be Drawne vp was nowe read the Coppie
whereof doth here ensue.'

Whereas it appeares by the Reporte of the Auditors and Comittees
and is accordingly agreed by the Companie in a generall Court held
the three and twentith of Iune 1623. that there is due to the owners
of the Abigall the Suiie of 420" vpon the grounds and reasons there
expressed, besid€ that w™ shalbe further due vnto them in case it
shalbe sufficiently proued to the Companie that the said Shipp was
deteyned longer then it ought to haue been by the authority and
comaund of the Gouernor and Counsell of Virginia: Nowe for satis-
fyinge of the said Sum, it isin this great and generall Quarter Court
ordered and agreed that the Sassaphras nowe returned shalbe sold by
William Webb and Iohn Cuffe, and the proceed thereof paid vnto John
Bland Iohn Newman Robert Watson and Richard Perry owners of
the Abigall or their Assignees in pte of satisfaction of the said Debt.
And further it is agreed and ordered that the said owners shalbe paid
the remaynder of the said Suiiie out of such moneys as shall first come
in after the discharge of the moneys due to John and Nicholas Farrar.
And for the further Security of the said owners and for the payment
and satisfaction of the said Somme of fower hundred and twenty
poundé: It is agreed and ordered that after the said Iohn and Nich-
olas Farrar be fully satisfied, all such goods and cofiodities as shalbe
returned from Virginia belonging to the generall Bodie of the Com-
panie shalbe from tyme to tyme consigned and deliuered into the
hand¢ of the said Iohn Bland John Newman Robert Wadson and
Richard Perry or their Assignes to be by them sold and disposed of

1 The following security appears to be in the autograph of Edward Collingwood.

456 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

vntill the said Suiie of 420" shalbe fully paid and discharged together
w all the Interest and damages that shall arise thereby. And for
the further Security of the said owners it is likewise further ordered
and agreed that it shalbe lawfull for the said owners to receaue and
take to their vse all such Moneys and debté as are and shalbe due vnto
the Companie from any whomsoeuer and w™ the said owners can pro-
cure vntill such tyme as they be fully satisfied and discharged of the
said Sume of 420". And it is ordered and agreed that the Acquittances
and Releases of the said Iohn Bland John Newman Robert Wadson
and Richard Perry shalbe a sufficient discharge vnto those as shall
pay them any Moneys vntill the aforesaid debte be fully satisfied and
discharged. And in confirmaéon of the pmisses the Company for
Virginia beinge assembled in a great and generall Quarter Court held
for Virginia the fyue and twentith Day of Iune 1623. haue herevnto
caused their legall Seale to be affixed.
Teste Edw: Collingwood Seeré. [332]

S* Iohn Dauers mouinge the Court in the behalfe of m™ Nuice late
wife of Deputy Nuice deceased in Virginia touchinge his request vnto
the Companie As also in the behalfe of a gentleman that had taken
much paines in expediting those Letters w™ it pleased the Lord Keeper
to write for the Companie (as they desired) it beinge also formerly
ordered some ||Reward|| should be giuen him; The Court thought fitt
to referr both request¢ to the farther consideraéon of the Counsell at
their next meetinge.

In regard of the often waightie and vrgent occasions of callinge Courte
in the longe vacaéon, when coffionly most gentlemen do withdrawe
themselues into the Country (whereby it falls out oftentimes that a
sufficient number of the Counsell cannot be had in Towne to make a
Court to the great preiudice of the Companies buissinesses then hap-
eninge and requiringe consultaéon and present resoluéon) to supplie
w™ Defect the Counsell havinge recomended to the last Court fower
able gentlemen whereof three were Cittizens who by reason of their
continuall livinge in Towne and neare dwellinge to the place where
the Courte are kept It may be presumed they will $be ready to§ affoord

JUNE 26, 1623 457

their attendance as there shalbe occasion, and be carefull of y° Com-
panies buissinesses w™ as priuate Members they haue so diligently
followed the names of w™ gentlemen were these vizt.

m* Scot m’ Wheatley
m’ Bland m* Berblocke

who beinge put to the question were by a generall erecéon of hands
chosen of the Counsell, and the rather in reguard there might fall out
some vrgent occasions requiringe their attendance and seruice in this
longe vacaéon: It was likewise moued and thought fitt they should
repaire to the Lord Chamberlen to take the oath of a Counsello’.

These Patents followinge beinge formerly ordered to be drawne vp
and this afternoone examined by a Comittee before the Court began
(who comparinge them found them agreeable to former Presidente)
were nowe put to the question and ordered to be sealed vizt:

A Patent to m’ Io: Zouch.

A Patent to m* Edward Prinn.

To m‘ Clement Dilke.

To m* Iohn Procter each of them vndertakinge to transport one hun-
dred psons with sufficient prouisions and necessaries for the culti-
uatinge of their owne lande.

Richard Andrewes and Krasmus Snellinge Cittizens of London peti-
coninge for leaue that Iohn Procter might be allowed their Atturney
to receaue §a§ recompence of one Hugh Crowder in Virginia beinge
of good estate in satisfacton of 21" they haue paid for him vpon Bond
to one Robert Broakbancke of London Butcher: The Court hath
graunted their request€ and ordered that the Gouernor should be
entreated to assist m* Procter herein as there shalbe occasion, that
the Petitioners may be releiued accordinge to equity.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

At a CourT HELD ON TUISDAY IN

THE

FORENOONE THE FIRST OF IvuLy 1623

PRESENT.

S' Edw: Sackuill. S' Walter Earle.
S' Iohn Dauers. S' Tho: Wroth.
S* Iohn Ogle. S' Sam: Argall.

S' Nath: Rich.

m’ Nicho: ffarrar Deputy.

m’ White. m’ Paulavicine.

m’ Tomlins. m’ Io: ffarrar.

m’ Winckfeild. m’ Garrett.

m’ Gibbs. m’ Barbo’.

m’* Binge. m* Berblocke.

m’ Woodnett. m’* Edw: Waterhowse.

m’ Woodall. m’ Witherall. m‘ Tatam.
m’ Sheldon. m’ Couell. m’ Dike.
m’ Geo: Smith. m‘* Newport. m’ Ewens.
m’ Withers. m* Rider. m’ ffelgate.
m’ Kirby. m’ Procter. m* Carles.
m’ Nicholls. m’ Copland. m’ Cuffe.
m* Shippard. m’ Moore. m* Ley.

m* Rayner. m* Viner. m’ Barker.

Capt: Bargraue.
mm’ Steward.

m’ Meuerell.

m* Moorewood.

m’ Ditchfield.

m’ Downes.

m’ Hackett.

m’ Tobias ffelgate.

m’ Rolfe.

m* Webbe.

m’ Widdowes.
mn’ Budge.

m’ Scott.

w" others.

[333]

M’ Deputy acquainted the Court that havinge receaued a Lre from
one m* Peasely (a Servaunt of m’ Secretary Caluerts) signifyinge in
his M* name that he with some fewe others was to attend the lord@ on
the Monday followinge at Whitehall; Accordingly he there attended

their Lp* before whome beinge admitted their Lp*

signified that they

had bin informed by the priuate Letters that came by the last Shipps

JULY 1, 1623 459

from Virginia that his Ma“ Subiects there were in a verie great want
and like to be starued; An Abstract of w™ Letters the CoMissioners
had presented vnto them, w™ they caused to be read at the Bourd, w™
w" informaéon their llp* said, they were satisfied so farr as that they
did belieue the Colony to be in great extreamity, and therevpon comi- |
aunded a Court to be called as this day, and the Companie to be made
acquainted w™ the report of the said Letters (by readinge the abstract
vnto them,) whereby havinge informed themselues of the miserable
estate of the Colonie, they may consider howe to send a present sup-
plie vnto them and hereof to bringe their Aunsweare this Afternoone.

The Court herevpon caused the said Abstract to be read: w donne
the Companie entred into a serious consultaéon howe to raise a Sup-
plie, to w™ purpose although diuers proposiéons were made, yet none
of them could be resolued on, in reguard of the shortnes of the time
they had nowe to consider of it; wherefore it was generally agreed in
the end, that this Aunsweare followinge should for the present be
returned to their Lp’.

The humble Answeare of the Virginia Companie beinge
assembled in a generall Court held the j° [uly 1623 to the
right Hono”’: the Lord¢ of his Ma“ most Hono™: Privy
Counsell.’

The Companie havinge taken ||into consideraéon|| yo" Lo” Comaund
of speedie sendinge supplies of victuall and prouisions to Virginia doe
finde not onely diuers Hundred¢€ wilbe supplied by their perticuler
Aduenturers but also sundrie perticuler persons from their frende.

And for the generall supplie they haue had proposiéon of vnderwritinge
a large Magazine, but many Difficulties arisinge herein, they were not
able to come to any finall conclusion this day (the Court beinge very
thinn through the shortnes of the warninge) and do therefore humbly
desire respitt vntill friday next to consider and aduise thereof that a
large and full Court may be assembled and the rest of the Aduenturers
acquainted therewith.

1A copy of this document is in the Public Record Office, State Papers, Colonial, Vol. II, No. 34.
See List of Records, No. 530, Vol. I, page 177, ante.

460 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

But whereas there are diuers persons indebted to the Companie vpon
subscriptions, w™ moneyes are longe due and amount to a verie great
Some; if it might please yo’ Lo™ that some speedy course might be
taken to cause those that are so indebted to pay their said Sofies:
there would be a verie valuable Sofie raised aswell for the present as
future occasions w™ they humbly submitt to yo" Lo™ most honorable
consideraéon. [334]

AT A CouURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON ffRIDAY
IN THE FORENOONE THE 4° Ivy i623?

PRESENT.

Ka: of Dorsett. S* Rob: Killigrewe.
Lo: Cauendish. S' ffranc: Leigh.
S' Edw: Sackuill. S' Sam: Argall.

m’ Tomlins. m’ Edwards. m0’ Leuer.
m’ Nicho: ffarrar ||deputy]|]. m‘ Boothby. m’ Scott.

m’ White. m’ Hobbs. m* Sherowe.
mn’ Copland. m’ Sheldon. m‘ Collett.
m' Withers. m’ Rider. m* Swinhowe.
m’ Io: Smith. m’* Moore. m’ Mullins.
m’* Caswell. m’™ Moorer. mm’ Stone.
m' Paulavicine. m’ Caswell. m’ Procter.
m’ Barbo'.

m’ Cuffe.

mn’ Baldwin.

m’ Webbe.

m* Percy.

m’ Ley.

m’ ffothergill.

m”* Geo: Smith.

m’ Hackett.

m’* Moorewood.

m’ Downes.

1 The original (?) of this court is among the Ferrar papers, in the handwriting of the sixth copyist.
The list of names is omitted. See List of Records, No. 539, Vol. I, page 179, ante.

JULY 4, 1628 — 461

M’ Deputy signified that accordinge to the order of the last Court he
presented to the Lorde of his Ma“ Priuy Counsell the Companies
Aunsweare touchinge their Lo” cofiaund for a present supplie to be
sent to Virginia, but their Lo™ seemed not to be well satisfied therew™
but required the Companies present resoluéon what course they could -
propound for the speedy releiuinge of the Colonie w™ they conceaued
to be at this time in a verie great want and extreamity: And there-
fore willed them to consider of it and to bring their Aunsweare as this
day accordinge to their Lo™ cofiaund

M’ Deputie said the Companie had considered of it at the last Court
propoundinge two wayes w™ seemed verie feazeable for raisinge of a
present supplie namely by sendinge of a Magazine for releyvinge the
Companies Tenant¢€ and secondly by meanes of such voluntarie sup-
plies as perticuler Societies and priuate Aduenturers would send to
their owne people: To w™ end he said there were two seuerall Rolle
Drawne vp w™ were nowe presented in Court: wherevnto for asmuch
as it appeared that diuers had already vnderwritten good Softies, it
moued others by their good example to vnderwrite freely and liberally.

Their was likewise presented a Third Roll in open Court for the other
side w™ opposed the Companie to vnderwrite whome S' Edward Sack-
uill earnestly moued they would do somethinge towardé€ this generall
Supply intended in reguard they knowe so well the State of the Colony
to be such as they had great need of it and had also much pressed
before the Lord¢ that a Supplie might be sent.

M* Caswell beinge proposed for Treasuror for the Magazine was by a
generall erecéon of hand¢ chosen and appointed therevnto accordingly.

It was likewise vpon moéon agreed and ordered by erecéon of hande
that accordinge to those head€ nowe propounded by the Lo: Cauendish
the Counsell should be entreated to drawe vp a short Declaraéon to be
presented to the Lordé of y° Counsell to shewe that the fault of this
supposed want in the Colony is not to be imputed to the present
Gouerment of the Companie here. [335]

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

AT A COURTE HELDE FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDNESDAY
IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 9 OF

m’* Carew Rawleigh.
m’ Deputy.

m’ White.

m’ Tomlyns.

m’ Thon Farrar.

m’ Ghibbs.

m’* Wrott.

m’ Shephard.

m’ Sheldon.
m’ Newport.
m’ Edward Waterhouse.

m’* Barkly.
m’ Rolfe.

m1’ Barkely.

Iuny 1623.’

PRESENT

Lord Lawar.

S* Edward Sackvill.

S*' Thon Dauers.

m’* Byng.

m’* Capt Harvy.
m’ Pallavacyne.
m* Nichols.

m’ Withers.

m’ Caswell.

m’ Iadwyn.

m’* Meverill.

m’ Wheately.

m* Roberts.

m* Leauer.

m* Hurd.

m* Woodall.

m* Hobbs.

m’* Delawne Iun.
m* George Smith.
m’ Hackett.

m’ Procter.

m’ Rolfe.

m* Webb.

m* Ayscough.
m* Ewens.
m* Ryder.

m* Moore.
m’ Woodnett.

m’ Fotheringill.

m’ Collett.

m’ Stewarde.
m’ Sharrow.

m* Vyner.

W" diuers other.

'The handwriting changes with this court to thatof Nicholas Ferrar. The original (?) of this court

is among the Ferrar papers, in the handwriting of the sixth copyist. See List of Records, No. 541,
Vol. II, page 179, ante.

JULY 910 eee 463

M’ Deputy acquainted the Compagny y‘* according to the direction of
the last courte hee presented to the Lords of his Ma” Priuy Counsell
a shorte declaration y* was then ordered to bee drawen upp wherin
amongst other things was signifide of the Compagnys intent to sende
a speedy suply to Virginia according to there Lordps commaund and —
y’ by two ways namely by way of a Magazine and secondly by meanes
of those’ suplies y' would bee sent by private Adventurers to there
owne people in Virg: to w™ purpose a greate sufi was already under-
written in each Roll. But ther Ldps conceaued that this would not
bee sufficient unless the whole Compagny bee ordered to contribute
there parts towards the raysing of a stock according to the number of
each mans shares by rating them at 20°—or at least at x*—p share And
that by order of the loards to bee compelled to pay the same notw-
standing uppon farther weighing of those reasons then deliuered
agaynst this Course there Lorps were pleased in fyne to leaue it to
the Compagny to order the same by a generall Consent not doubting
but they y* had soe well begunn would farther proceed to the raysing
of a sufficient suply.

The Courte taking this into there Consideration after mature debate
it was at lenght moued and thought fitt that there should bee seuerall
Rolls made to the intent that the Adventurers might chuse there
owne Tresurors w‘out w™ liberty men would not Adventure wher-
uppon it was ordered that the Officer should carry the Roll to such
Adventurers as are in towne and in the Compagnys name to sollicite
them both for the weightiness of the present occasion and likewyse
for the satisfaction of his Ma” and the Lods to underwrite liberally.

Vpon Captayne Haruys motion and request for a Commission for his
shipp the Southhampton y‘ is to carry passengers and goods to Vir-
ginia order was giuen for drawing vpp his Commission for his sayde
shipp and to seale the same.

1 Written over the word ‘‘the’’ by the reviewer.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

AT A COURTE HELDE FOR VIRGINIA ON
WEDNESDAY THE 6 oF AvaustT 1623
In THE AFTERNOONE

PRESENT

S' Thon Dauers. m’ Barbor. m’ Ed. Bennett.
m' N. Farrar Depty. m’” Blande. m’* Caswell.
m’ Ghibbs. m’ Palmer. m’ Barker.
m’ Jhon Farrar. m’ Widdows. m’ Waterhouse.
m’ Bing. m’* Withers. m* Hobs.
m’* Pallavacyne. m’* Freake. m’ Leigh.

m1’ Procter.

m* Norwood. m* Moorewood.

Capt. Baldwyn. m’ Sharrow.

m’ Hackett. m’ Trulove.

m* Bull. m’* Vyner.

m’ Georg Smith. Capt. Smith.

Capt Bargraue. m* Meverill.

m’* Ryder. m’ Kirby.

m’ Cuff. W" diuers others. [336]

Forsoemuch as there had beene some Intermission of Courts since
the 9" of Iuly last m™ Deputy acquaynted the Compagny w“ the cause
therof as hauing hapened’ partly through the frequent keepinge of
the Sommer Dande¢ Court¢ for the Dispatch of the Gouernor and other
Officers nowe goeinge to the Suffer DTande and partly for that no
buissines of importance fell out in that time that might necessarily
occasion the callinge of a Court:

This beinge signified he caused to be read diners petiéons presented
some of them at this Court and some formerly w™ beinge read and
considered of by the Court they were appointed to be recomended

‘At this point the handwriting returns to that of the sixth copyist.

AUGUST 6, 1623 465

and oraerea as may appeare by their seuerall orders vpon each petiéon
engrossed ||together|| in a booke for that purpose |lappointed|| to be
kept.

A moéon was made for the release of one Grigory Dorey nowe a
Servaunt to the Companie in Virginia for that (§as§ it is informed)
he beinge by chaunce present at the departure of a Shippe from
Grauesend to Virginia was there taken into the said Shippe and so
sodainely carried away to Virginia against his will: The Court beinge
desirous to vnderstand farther of the trueth hereof thought fitt the
said Dorey should make his case knowne by petiéon to the Gouernor
of Virginia and vpon certificate returned the Companie would Do him
all right w™ fauo’.

M’ Deputie vpon request moued the Court that CoMissions might be
graunted to these seuerall Shipps nowe preparinge to goe for Virginia.

To the George for transportinge of Passengers onely.
To the Hopewell whereof Iohn Hart Maister

To the Iacob

To the Marmaduke

To the Hopewell whereof Iohn Prynn owner and M"

The Court ordered the said Coffiissions to be drawne vp, ||and sealed]
and also desired and authorized m‘ Deputy ||and the Secretarie|| to
Drawe and Seale Comissions for any other Shipps that should Desire
to goe to Virginia between this and the next sittinge of the Court¢ in
Michalmas Terme.

M’ Deputy moued that in reguard most gentlemen and Cittizens do
vsually repaire into the Country at this time of the yeare, whereby
but fewe of the Counsell or Companie would be in Towne that there-
fore after the buissines in hand were ended the keepinge of Courte
might be put of and respited till the next Terme w™ moéon was gen-
erally agreed vnto and ordered accordingly w™ reseruaGon neuertheles
that in the meane while it should be free for the Deputie to call
extraordinary Court€ if any vrgent occasion did require soe. [337]

16456—vor 2—06——30

466 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

S' Iohn Dauers acquainted the Court that he had receaued from M™
Nuice the late wife of Deputy Nuice deceased in Virginia wherein
shee requested that the Companie in tender regard of her great losse by
the late Death of her said Husband (beinge nowe left Desolate and com-
fortles in a straunge Country farr from all her frend¢) they therefore
would please to graunt her that fauo’ that shee might still enioy the
moytie of those Tenant¢€ labo™ that belonge to her Husband¢ place
w if he had liued had of right bin Due vnto him vntill such time as
they shall Dispose of the said place: m’ Deputie also signified that m‘
Pountys in his letter to him comendinge much the Gentlewomans
good carriage and charity to diuers in that Countrie, did w” much
earnestnes desire the same fauo’ of the Companie in her behalfe:
Wherevpon the Court takinge it into their consideraéon conceaued
her request to be verie reasonable and did therefore generally agree it
should accordingly be remembred in the generall letter to the Coun-
sell there.

W" beinge inserted therein the said tre was read and beinge approued
was ordered to be signed by m’ Deputy and wittnessed by the Secre-
tary in the name of the Companie and so sent by the Hopewell nowe
ready to Depart for Virginia.’

Whereas Diuers Propositions were nowe made in Court for the set-
tinge of some certaine price vpon Corne in Virginia whereby to
encourage the Planters to plant Corne there in aboundance end after
allreasons heard and Debated and the greatest Difficultie that appeared
beinge howe to assure the Planters (in case they should haue store of
Corne) that the same should be taken of their hands at a sett price:
The Court differinge much in opinion about this matter did at length
agree to referr it to a Comittee to consider further thereof and there-
vpon nominated

m’ Scott m’ Procter
m' Withers m’ Caswell
m’ Barbo™ m’ Widdowes
m’ Bland m’ Rider

m™ Robert€ | m’ Stephens

1 This letter is referred to in List of Records, No. 554, Vol. I, page 180, ante.

. z , Be por, «eo ropagenstseS.
= Cf 4 Be, (eee Coro oe

ies fee ee oy ag ee feise 7

-e a
ty

—" _? * Cggagy Foot
OO EET Tn cea fg to
9 » Ee ar geen se eA
pean

; a Br Beet: we Lowi 3S SEG

Lo gaa oy gh

a ox oes aaa
Yodose “~< pe pot arentl), Daas!

eT Chir $i etalk

aM 3 ; _— th ? ,
ane eee pee 4
Fie omiccss mies BO, ahs Pe

+ ped hie? — * Widdenil
X oY bY gw Bo. = ge® eS .

ae

—— Tea. be ht Ae Magna inten
is f ef: tag jhe gs app
ot fn bor mith ger ty. mS (qutte ‘Se Gtlnt Mow ted .

ie one 2 a oy ns al we —_ he se

omy, ae © Pow ne
~— os tn nema? aS ae
_ npledin,, ot me seo a Grime

OCTOBER 16, 1623 467

Who are appointed to meete at m’ Deputy ffarrars to morrowe about
9 in the morninge to consider of some Course howe the same may be
effected and accordingly to frame some Letter of Aduise vnto the
Counsell of Virginia about it and to acquaint it w™ the Companies
inclinaéon to furnish hereafter w Virginia Corne such newe men as
they shall send the next yeare in case they can against that time pro-
uide themselues of so good store and that it be of their owne growth
and not by trade w™ the Indians whereof they are to certifie the
Companie here by the first Shippinge accordingly.

At A CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON
WEDENSDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE THE
15 oF Oct: i623

PRESENT

S' Sam: Argall.
Do’ Gulstone.

S' Io: Dauers.
S* Roger Twisden.

m’ Nich: fferrar ||deputy.|| Capt: Martin. m’ ffletcher.
m’* Tomlins. Capt: Baylie. m* Constable.
m’ Io: ffarar. Capt: Bargraue. wm’ ffreake.

m* White y° Lawyer.
m* Binge.

m’ Paulavicine.

m’* Wolstenholme.
m’* Wilmott.

m’ Keightley.

m’ Bland.

m’ Caswell.

’ m* Sherowe.
m’ Iadwin.
m’ Collett.
m’ Paulson.

m’* Shippard.
m’ Scott.

m’ Viner.

m* Moorer.
m’ Swinhow.
m’* Bull.

m’ Copland.
mn’ Bickeley.
m’‘ Raugley.

m’ Perry.
m* Berkley.

m’ Winckfeild.

m’ Morison.

m’ Tho: Waterhouse.
m’* Wiseman.

-m!' Nicholls.

m* Geo: Smith.
m’* Woodall.

m’* Owen Arthur.
m’ Sheldon.

m’ Seaward.

m’* Edwards.

m’ Couell.
m* Woodnutt.
m* Ewens.
m* Rogers.

468 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’ Cartwright. m* Mace. m* Eldred.
m’ ffr. Waterhowse. m‘ Morgan. m’ Hickford.
m’ Cuffe. m’ Colethurst. m'‘ Stubbs.
m’ Rider. m* Wilkins. m’ Geeringe.
m’ Barker. m* Abr: Downes. m* Tucker.
m’* Gough. m’ Swaine. m’ Tho: ffletcher.
m’ Dike. m* Sparrowe. m* Morgan.
m’ Ditchfeild.
m*’ Humfrey May. m’* Gilbert Moorewood.
m’ Ascough. m’ Darde. w™ diuers
m’ Truloue. others.
m* Kirby.
m’ Palmer.
m’ Hurd.
m’ ffelgate.
mr. D’Lawne.
m’ Caninge. [338]

M' Deputie acquainted the Court that by Cofiaund of the Lorde of the
Counsell himselfe w™ some fewe others of the Companie had attended
their Lo” at White hall on Wedensday last where their Lo™ first
Demaunded of him an Accompt whither the Supplies of Meale and
eh ||other|| things (accordinge to the vnderwriting¢ formerly presented
vnto them) were sent to Virginia for reliefe of the great necessities
and Distresse wherein they had bin informed the Colonie stood, where-
vnto his Aunsweare was, that he conceaued, that all things promised
by the Companie to their ll” had bin performed with a verie large
aduantage.

Afterward their llp* propounded vnto him some other verie waightie
proposiéons: w™ his humble request vnto their ll" was, might be d"awne
up into an order of that Bourd that so he might present it vnto the
Companie w™ their ]l"* were pleased fauourably to condiscend vnto,
and havinge sent him the order, he said he need not himselfe speake
anythinge, since they should heare most fully from the order it selfe
w was read beinge as followeth.

OCTOBER 165, 1623 — =e 469

This Day the Deputie and diuers of the Aduenturers and Companie of Virginia were Whitehall the 8®
called to the Board, vnto whome their ll”* declared that his Ma“ havinge taken into his October i623
Princely consideraéon the distressed estate of that Colonie and Plantaton occasioned -— lll

as it seemeth by miscarriage of the Gouerm* in that Companie, w™ canifiot well be 1. president
remeadied but by reduceinge the Gouerm‘ into the hand€ of a fewer number of Lo: Visc: Grandi-
Gouernors neare to those that were in the first Patents of the' said Plantaton, but son
especially to be prouided that the interest of all Aduenturers and priuate persons ~ —_
whatsoeuer shalbe preserued & continued as they are, hath therefore resolued by a - ee _ ee “
newe Charter to appointe a Gouernor twelue Assistant¢€ resident here in England yy: o¢ the Rolle
vnto whome should be cofiiitted the Gouerment of that Companie and Colonie, w™

Gouernor and Assistants his Ma“° wilbe pleased to nominate and make choise of the

first time, and afterward¢€ the elecéon of the Gouernor to be in this manner vizt: The

Assistant¢ to present the names of three to his Ma“* of whom his Ma“ wilbe pleased

to nominate one to be Gouernor and the Assistant€ to be chosen hy the greater part

of the Gouernors Assistant¢ for the time being the names of them to be chosen beinge

first presented to his Ma"* or to this Bourd to be allowed or disallowed by his Ma“*

And the Gouerno’ and six of the Assistant€ to be changed thus once in two yeares:

And his Ma is pleased that there shalbe resident in Virginia a Gouernor and Twelue

Assistant€ to be nominated by the Gouernor and Assistant¢ here resident they pre-

sentinge their names to his Ma or this Board that his Ma“* may allowe or disallowe

of the same: And as the Gouerno’ and Assistant€ resident in Virginia shall haue

Dependance and relaéon to the Gouernor and Assistants resident here: So the

Gouernor and Assistant here shall haue relaton and Dependance on this Bourd,

whereby all matters of importance may be Directed by his ma“ at this Bourd: And

that in the same Charter his Ma" purposeth to make the like graunt€ as well of land¢

as of fraunchises and other benifitt€ and thing¢ as were graunted in the former Charters

w™ Declaraton that for the setlinge and establishinge of priuate interest€ of all men

this newe Companie shall confirme or newly graunt vnto them the like interest as they

enioy by Graunt order or allowance of the former Companie: And therefore the said

Deputy and other of the said Companie were by their [839] Lo™ required to assemble

a Court on Wedensday next therein to resolue whither the Companie wilbe content

to submitt and surrender their former Charters and accept of a newe Charter w™ the

alteradons aboue inenéoned and to returne their Aunsweare w™ all expediéon to this

Bourd his Ma“* beinge Determined in Default of such submission to proceed for the

recallinge of the said former Charters in such sort as shalbe iust.

Vera Copia.
Io: Dickenson.*

? Written over the word “that.”

’The original manuscript of this order is in the Public Record Office, State Papers, Colonial, Vol.
TI, No. 45. For citations of other drafts and places of publication, see List of Records, No. 570, Vol. I,
page 182, ante.

470 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

W"™ order beinge read three seuerall times the Companie seemed
greatly amazed at the Proposition. so as no man spake therevnto for a
longe time, At length m* Deputy desired them to bethinke themselues
in so waightie a buissines what aunsweare they would giue him to
returne with to their Lo” w™ their Lo™ would expect vpon ||thel|
ffriday followinge; Wherevpon it was by diuers one after another
aunsweared that the matter was of such consequence and waight as
they had noe power to giue aunsweare vnto in this Court beinge but
an ordinary Court w™ by his Ma“ Letters Patents are onely enhabled
to handle and order casuall and perticuler occurrences and accidental]
matters of lesse consequence and waight, but all waightie affaires and
perticulerly all things concerning the manner of Gouerment were
restrained by precise words in the Letters Patents to the Quarter
Court¢, wherefore duringe the Patent was in force they might not in
this ordinary Court take vpon them any such authority to determine
such a matter as this beinge of the highest nature that euer was pro-
pounded to them: And herevpon the Letters Patents were called for
and found to agree exactly w what had bin alledged: It was also
further alledged howe inviolably and exactly they had alwayes made
their practise aunsweareable herevnto not takinge liberty to them-
selues so muchas to giue a share of land but in a Quarter Court: And
further it was alledged that whereas besid€ the newe Aduenturers
(w™ cannot be thought to be lesse then fower or fiue hundred) and
all the Planters in Virginia w™ are equally enteressed in his Ma‘
graceous Letters Patents there were neare 1000 psons named in the
Letters Patents themselues to whome the Graunt was made whereof
there was not iudged to be thirty present in Court:

Wherefore the Companie conceaued themselues euen in conscience
bound not so sodainely to passe awaye all their interest€ but rather
to be humble peti@oners to their Lo” vpon these iust ground¢ that
their Aunsweare might be respited vntill the Quarter Court w™ was
not verie farr of; Against w™ time they should haue leasure to con-
sider well of so waightie a buissines, And a verie large and generall
Somions might be giuen to all men to appeare then w™ perticuler inti-
maéon of the buissines to be Determined to the intent that they might
be the rather induced to affoord their presence w™ if they did not they
should be w™out excuse for euer after complayninge.

OCTOBER 16, 16828 .°..:. 471

But some fewe moued that they would rather in conformity to their
Lo™ order presently surrender their Charters and professed themselues
very willinge to surrender it:

Wherevpon the Court desired m' Deputie to make two Prepesiéens
questions according to the two seuerall Proposigons. [340]

ffirst whither the Companie at this present Court would surrender vp
their Charters to haue a newe Patent accordinge to such alteraéons as
were menéoned in their ff" order It beinge thus put to the question
there were onely 8 hand¢ held vp for a present surrender.

Secondly it beinge put to the question whither the Companie would
rather humbly desire respite of their Lo™ till the next Quarter Court
for the reasons w™ had bin alledged, to make aunsweare to the Propo-
sicon The Court by a generall erec@on of hand¢ (the former eight
onely excepted) agreed to peticon the Lords for respite till their next
Quarter Court: And therevpon caused the Aunsweare followinge to
be Drawne vpp in presence of the Court w™ beinge afterward¢ read
and approued was ordered to be deliuered to the Lorde in the name of
the Companie w™ Aunsweare doth here ensue.

The most humble Answeare of the Company for
Virginia assembled in a Court held on Wedensday
in the Afternoone the i5 of October i623.'

The Companie for Virginia beinge assembled accordinge to yo" Lo™ cofiaund
and havinge vnderstood yo" |lip*| order conteyninge a Propositon for the
giving vp of their Charters; Conceaue it in diuers respect€ to be of such
great] waight and consequence as by speaciall lymitacon of their Letters
Patents is restrained onely to the DeterminaZon of a Quarter Court: wherefore
as also in reguard there was not at present assembled aboue one hundred and
twenty psons, whereas besid¢€ the newe Aduenturers and Planters in Virginia
(w are all equally interessed w™ them therein) his Ma‘ Letters Patents are
graunted to aboue one thousand persons of higher and inferio’ ranke by their
perticuler names as also vnto threescore seuerall Companies of the Citty of
London and other corporate Townes therein mentoned: The Companie then
assembled most humbly beseech yo" ll to giue them respitt vntill the next
Quarter Court the 19" of Nouember w™ is the soonest time the said Letters
Patents giues them power to make further Aunsweare herein and against w™
more generall Sofions shalbe giuen.

1See List of Records, No. 574, Vol. I, page 183, ante.

472 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Court also ordered that there should be a verie perticuler Sofions
of all the Aduenturers against the next Quarter Court w™ was to be
the 19" of Nouember that further Aunsweare might be made vnto
their Lo™ concerning this waightie Pp Proposition In w™ reguard it
was ordered that the officer that warned them should giue them especiall
notice of the buissines and desire them in the Companies name not to
faile to be present: It was also thought fitt that all the Lordé and
great Officers free of this Companie should be against that day
acquainted w™ the buissines and respectiuely invited to affoord their
Hono™ presence: And for this m’ Waterhowse and the Secretary
were appointed by this Court. [341]

AN EXTRAORDINARY CoURT HELD ON
MonbDAY IN THE FORENOONE

THE 207" or OcToBER 1623.

8S" Tho: Wroth. m’* Draper. m’ Kirby.

S* Samuell Argall m’* Cuffe. m* Sharrowe.
m’ Deputie. Capt: Io Martin. m’ Bland.

m’ Winkefeild. m* Rich: Edwards. m’ Scott.

m’* Chetley. m’ Wiseman. m* Caninge.
m* Paulavicine. m’* Hacket. m’ Boothby.
m’ ffreake. m’* Raughley. m* Eldred.
m* Copland. m’ Edw: Waterhowse. m’‘ Mouse.
mn’ ffarrar. m’ ffrané: Waterhowse. m‘ Wither.
m’* Seaward. m* Tho: Waterhowse. m*‘ Swaine.
m’* Taylo’. m* Meuerell. m* Widdowes.
m’ Roberts lui. m’ Truloue. m’* Caswell.

m’ Buckeridge.

m’* Kightley. m’* Ley.
m’* Sherwood. m’ Woodnut.
m’ Wood. m’ Edward m9cht.

m’ Bickley. m’* Biddolph.

m’ Morgan.
mi’ Shippard.
m’ Ewens.

m’ Colethurst.

m’ Watson.
m’ Clarke. »
m’* Woodall.
m’ Collett.
m’ Stubbs.
m’ Rider.

OCTOBER 20, 16283 - 473

m’* Straunge.

m’ Peirce.

m* Mease.

Molasco y° Polander.
Martin an Armeanean.
w™ Diuers others whose names —
were not taken but their number
was about 70.

M' Deputie acquainted the Court that himselfe w™ some fewe others
of the Companie had presented to the Lords of the Counsell on ffri-
day last at Whitehall the Companies Aunsweare to there 1l”* Proposi-
tion touchinge the surrendringe vp of their Charters, but their II"
seemed not satisfied therewith as appeared by another order which
he had since receaued from their Lo” w™ had occasioned the sodaine
callinge of this present Court, their ll’* expectinge this Day a direct
Aunsweare from the Companie touchinge their former Proposition
the Coppie whereof doth here ensue:

At WHITEHALL THE 17™ or OoroBER i623!

PRESENT.

Lo: Arch=bishop of Canterbury. -

Lo: Treasuror. Lo Vise: Grandison.

Lo: President. Lo: Chichester.

Ea: Marshall. m’* Treasuror.

Ea: of Carlile. m’ Secré Caluert.

Ea of Kelly. m” Chauncello® of y° Exchequo’.
The M’ of the Rolls.

This Day the Deputie and others representinge the Bodie of the Virginia Com-
panie, did in conformity to the order they had receaued exhibite at the Board

1 This order is recorded in the Register of the Privy Council, James I, Vol. VI, p. 126. For cita-
tion of other drafts and places of publication of the order, see List of Records, No. 576, Vol. I, page

183, ante.

474 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

their Aunsweare to that w accordinge to his Ma‘ pleasure their Lo™ had
both propounded vnto them Viua Voce and also declared by an Act of Coun-
sell Dated the 8 of this Moneth whereof a Coppie was Deliuered them, in w™
doth manifestly appeare his Ma“ graceous intenton and Royall care of the
Plantaton both generally for the pointe of Gouerment and perticulerly for
the conservinge of euery mans priuate interest, nowe forasmuch as the said
Aunsweare is mearely Dilatory, the said Deputie and the rest pretendinge
thereby that by reason of a limitagon in their Patent they may not handle
matters of that nature and waight but at a Quarter Court w™ will not be vntill
the 19 of Nouember next their Lo” beinge no waye satisfied w™ this pretence
and consideringe that his Ma” expecteth a speedie Account of the [342] pro-
ceedinge in this buissines w*" also in its selfe requireth all expidigon in
reguard of the importance and consequence thereof haue therefore ordered
and expressely charged the said Deputie and the rest, that they assemble them-
selues againe forthwith, and on Monday next in the Afternoone w™ wilbe the
20" of this Moneth deliuer a cleare direct and finall Aunsweare to that w*" had
bin before propounded and was this Day reitterated vnto them: Vzt whither
the same Company wilbe content to submitt and surrender their former Char-
ter and accept of a newe Charter with the alteratons men@oned in the foresaid
Act of Counsell and to this purpose the Deputie was likewise coffianded to
propound the question to the said Companie in those cleare and plaine termes,
in w* it was Deliuered.
Ex’. I. Dickenson

Which order beinge twice deliberately read after some pause and dis-
pute had by both parts m‘ Deputie put it to the question in the verie
words expressely sett downe in the said order vizt

As many of you as be content to submitt and surrender the Charters
you nowe haue and accept of a newe Charter with the alteraéons
mentioned in the aforesaid Act of Counsell hold vp yo" hands to w™
only nine ||hands|| were held vpp.

Againe as many as will noe, hold vp their hands: to w™ there was a
generall erecéon of hands of the whole Court: the aforesaid nine
onely dissentinge: wherevpon the Aunsweare followinge was drawne
in presence of the Court and beinge read was generally approued and
ordered to be deliuered to the Lords in the name of the Companie the
Coppie whereof doth here ensue.

OCTOBER 22, 1623 475

The most humble Aunsweare of the Virginia
Companie to the Right Hono” the Lords and
others of his Ma“** most Hono" Priuy
Counsell *

The Companie of Virginia beinge assembled the 20" of October i623 accord-
inge to yo" Lo™ cofiaund and the Deputie havinge put to the question yo"
Lo” Proposition in the Direct words that y* Lo” comanded their were onely
nine hands for the deliuery vp of the Chres and all the rest (beinge about
threescore more) were of a contrary opinion."

At A COURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDENSDAY IN Y"*
AFTERNOONE THE 22™ oF OCTOBER i623

PRESENT.
m’ Deputy. m’* Mace. m’ Cuffe. m’ Jadwin.
m’ Binge. m’* Collett. m‘ Sharrowe. wm’ Ley.
m’' Io: ffarrar. m' Wheatley. m’ Webbe. m’ Geo: Smith.
m’ Swaine. m* Budget. Capt: Bargraue. m™ Bennett.
m’ Sheppard. m* Seaward. m’ Rider. and some 10 more
Capt. Martin. m’* Dike. m’* Bull. that went away

the Court sod-
ainely risinge be-
fore their names
could be taken.C’.

[343]

Mr Deputie acquainted the Gewrt ||Company]|| that since the deliuery
of the last Aunsw’ to the Lords of the Counsell the 20“ of this Moneth
touchinge the surrendringe vp of their Charters he had receaued from
m’ Dickenson the Clarke of the Counsell another order from their Lo™
bearinge date the same day w™ intimaéon that their Lp" did require
it to be forthwith published to the Companie: In reguard whereof he
1A copy of this document is in the Public Record Office, State Papers, Colonial, Vol. II, No. 47.

+A schedule of the names, together with the votes as here cast, is cited in List of Records, No.
579, Vol. I, page 183, ante.

476

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

caused this present Court to be assembled wherevpon the order was
presented and read beinge as followeth.

At WHITEHALL THE 207 or OcTOBER i628.'

PRESENT
Lo: Arch=bishop of Canterbury.
Lo: Keeper. Ea: Marshall.
Lo: Treasuror. a Lo: Vise: Grandison.
Lo: President. Lo: Chichester.
Lo: Priuy Seale. m* Secré Caluert.
The Master of the Rolls.

Whereas their 1l’* were this Day informed that there is a great discouragement
Amongst many Adventurers of the Plantaton in Virginia by reason of the
intended reforminge and chaunge of the Gouerment, wherevpon they are
fearefull to prosecute their Aduentures, so as it may occasion some stopp of
those Shipps w are nowe ready fraughted and bound for that Country;
Although their Lo” maruell that any should be so farr mistaken considering
the Declarazons y* haue bin made at the Bourd Viua Voce as also by an Act
of Counsell and otherwise yet for the better satisfyinge of those, who either
through erro’ or mistakinge or through the vntrue suggestions of others haue
conceaued any such feare or Discouragement, their Lo” do thinke fitt hereby
to Declare againe that there is no other intenZon then meerely and onely the
reforminge and chaunge of the present Gouerment, whereof his Ma‘? hath
seen so many bad effect¢ as wilbe to the endangeringe of the whole Plantagon,
if it continue as it is; neuertheles for somuch as it concerneth the priuate
interest of any man his Ma“ royall care is such that no man shall receaue any
preiudice but shall haue his estate fully and wholly conserued, and if in any
thinge is be defectiue better to be secured, so as they need not apprehend any
such feares or other inconvenience but contrariwise cheerefully to proceed: It
is |therefore| ordered by their Lo” and thought fitt to be published to the
Companie that it is his Ma“ absolute Cofiaund that the Shipps w were
intended to be sent at this time to Virginia and are in some readines to goe be
w* all speed sent away for the reliefe of those that be there and the good of
that Plantation and this to be presently donne w“out any Stoppe or Delay:
Ex* Io: Dickenson.

1A copy of this order by Thomas Collett (?) is among the Ferrar Papers, Magdalene College,
Cambridge. It is indorsed in the autograph of Sir Edwin Sandys as follows: ‘‘Order of the LL in
the Busines of Va.’ The order is recorded in the Privy Council Register, James I, Vol. VI, p. 131.
For citation of other drafts and places of publication, see List of Records, No. 578, Vol. I, page 188,

ante.

NOVEMBER 12, 1623 477

W" order beinge twice read the Court generally agred and ordered
that publique notice of this his Ma” pleasure should be giuen accord -
ingly to all such owners and M” of Shipps w® were knowne to haue
any Shipps preparinge to goe for Virginia. [344]

At Aa CouRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDENSDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE
THE 12 NovemMB: i623

PRESENT

Lo: Lawarr. S' Sam: Argall.
S' Io: Dauers. S' Walter Earle.

m’ Nich: ffarrar. m’' Io: Cuffe. m' Balmford.
m’ Jo: ffarrar. m’ Rider. m* Kirby.

m’ Tomlins. m’ Nicholls. m’ Truloue.

m’ White. m’* Woodall. n’ Moorewood.
m’ Gibbs. m’ Widdowes. m’ Geo: Smith.
m’ Binge. m‘ Bromefeild. m’ ffreake.

m’ Paulavicine. m’ Woodnutt. m'’ Mole.

Capt: Martin. m’ Edw Waterhowse. m’ Collett sei.
m’ Wrote. m1’ Swaine. m’ Sharrowe.
m’ Keightley. m’* Wreosley. m" Rossingham.
m’ Baynham. Martin Armenean. m'’ Caswell.

m’ Ewens.

m’* Barbo’. m’* W™ Browne. m‘ Spruson.
m’‘ Geo: Smith. m’ Rich: Bennett. m’ Barkham.
m* Tho Waterhowse. m* Newport. m* Berkeley.
m’ Hackett. m* Edwards. m’ ffeatley.
m*‘ Sparrowe. m* Morris. m’ Webbe.
m’ Hurd. m* Copland. With divers others.
m* Elkington. m’ Scott.

m’ Ley. m0’ Truloue.

m’ ffran: Waterhowse. m* Shippard.

m’ Risely. Capt. Brewster.

Polander.

478 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M’ Deputie acquainted the Court with two thing, first with the good
newes that was come from Virginia by the Shipps lately returned
from New-England (where a Pynnace from Virginia arriued before
they came away,)and brought diuers perticuler Letters that do import
thus much; namely that the Colonie in Virginia haue recouered health,
that they were in hope to haue a plentifull haruest of Cane and Tobacco
that Opachankano is slaine and as some affirme 150 of his great men
and that o" English were then goeinge out againe to pursue the rest of
them: and to distroy their Corne: w™ newes is also confirmed by
diuers that came home in the said Shipps and that there was hope
they should receaue a more perticuler relaéon hereof by the generall
Letter to the Companie that came in the Pacquett that was nowe in
the Coffiissioners hand¢: Yet in the meane time hauinge by so many
and vndoubted wayes vnderstood the same confirmed he said he
thought it fitt to impart it to the Court that w™ him they might all
praise God.

Hee further acquainted the Court that since monday last himselfe and
diuers members of the Companie had bin serued w™ processe out
of the Kings Bench by vertue of a Quo warranto prosecuted by m*
Atturney against the Companie, the Teno’ of w™ Quo warranto was to
knowe by what authority they claime to be a Companie and to haue
and vse those liberties and priuiledges as are related in the said Quo
waranto, and most of them taken for those w™ are contayned in his
Ma“ Letters Patents vnto the Companie: Of w™ Quo warranto he
presented two Copies in Court the one in latin and the other in Eng-
lish ;' wherevpon the Companie desired that in English might be read
w being Donne the Companie conceauinge and acknowledginge this
legall manner of proceedinge to be faire and with much fauo’ from
his Ma“*desired the Defendants to take espeaciall care of the buissines
as beinge the Companies cause although prosecuted by perticuler
names, their Patent beinge called in question w™ they conceaue was
therefore to be pleaded.

1A copy of the English version of the Quo Warranto is among the Ferrar Papers, Magdalene Col-
lege, Cambridge. The writ, together with the pleadings and the judgment, is recorded in the Coram

Rege Roll of the Kings Bench, James I, 21st yr. Michaelmas Term, Roll, No. 1528, Membranes 39-63.
See List of Records, No. 585, Vol. I, page 184, ante.

NOVEMBER 12, 1623 i 479

And further as touchinge the charge of this suite (w™ was conceaued
would be verie great) it was generally thought fitt it should be borne
by the Companies generall Stocke, and therevpon vnanimously agreed
and ordered by a generall erecéon of handé (not one dissentinge) that
what Disbursements should be made by the Defendants and others in
this suite (prouided it were for the Companies cause and Defence and
not for matters that vpon the issue shall fall vpon perticuler psons
and their Acéons) should be ||duely|| repaid vnto them by the Companie.

And it was likewise ordered that the entertayninge of Counsell
Atturneyes C’ in this buissines should be left to the choise and care
of the Defendante.

S* Iohn Dauers and m’* Tomlins were entreated by the Court to speake
with S* Henry Martin Iudge of the Admiralty to desire that fauo* of
him as to respite his ||the|| further proceeding in the cause between
Wye and the Companie(nowe Dependinge before him) vntill the said
Wye returne into England from beyond the Seas.

M’ Deputie informed the Court that his Ma“* Cofiissioners intendinge
to meete on ffriday next to consider of such References as came from
the Lord¢ vnto them; Amongst w™ the case of the Polander and that
of the Widdowe Smalley were nowe come to their hand¢ to be exam-
ined: Had therefore warned him and such others as the Companie
should thinke fitt to attend them that day (they havinge nowe the
Companies book¢€ returned vnto them from the Lorde:) The Court
herevpon praid m‘ Deputie to attend them accordingly as being best
acquainted wth the passages of their Court@ concerninge them. [345]

M’ Hackett desired in the behalfe of m' Morgan that whereas there
was a Debt longe due vnto him from the Companie since there was no
ready money to discharge it, he might haue the Companies Seale for
security.

M' Deputie likewise moued in the behalfe of his Brother and himselfe
that havinge engaged themselues diuers wayes for the Companie and
laide out much money since the last Accompt it would please the

480 © RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Court to thinke of some course for their discharges as soone as might
be and that in the meane space they might haue the Companies Seale
§to§ secure them for such moneys as they had disbursed since the last
Audite and likewise to saue them harmeles from all engagem* wher-
into they had ru for the Companies cause onely and by their order
as namely for the ffrenchmen C".

The Officers likewise to whome there are much wages due desired
the like consideraéon and care as namely the Secretary, Husband,
Bookeeper, and Beadle: And m* Deputie acquainted them with a
petiéon of ffrancis Carter in this kinde who claimeth 60", but it beinge
late the Court would not heare it read but it was conceaued most fitt
and requisite to giue the seuerall pties satisfac¢éon in this kinde till
the Companie could make them payment: And therevpon it was by
a generall erecéon of hands ordered that vpon due examinaéon and
proofe of the pticulers alledged the Seales should be giuen the next
Quarter Court and in the meane space the Auditors were entreated to
meete concerning these matters and to sett them straite and||to|| Drawe
vp such Draught¢ for the seuerall securities as were fitt to be passed
in the Quarter Court.

M' John ffarrar moued that whereas the Companie had out of their
loue & approbaGon of his seruice bestowed vpon him 20 skheres great
shares It would nowe please the Court to confirme them vnto him in
the next Quarter Court vnder their Seale.

And that whereas likewise there was due vnto him * shares of
land for about 40: psons sent, those psonall shares might be reduced
vnto great shares vizt euery two psons to make one great share of old
Aduenture: The Court condiscended to both these moéGons and the
Auditors were intreated to consider of fitt Drafts thereof against the
next Quarter Court and such as might serue for others in the like cases.

A tre from an vnknowne pson beinge presented to the Court and read
wherein was enclosed two peeces of gold of 40° fora Sermon to be
preached this yeare (as was the last) before the Companie: It beinge

1A blank space in the manuscript.

NOVEMBER 17, 1623 481

taken into consideraéon it was thought fitt (and so agreed) the Sermon
should be respited for a time in reguard of the present troubles of the
Companie.

M’ Caswell prayinge allowance for the money he disbursed ouer aboue
that he receaued of the Companie for their last Sermon feast at Mar-
chantaylo” Hall beinge then their Steward was referred to the Auditors
to be farther considered of.

A PRZPARATIVE CoURT HELD ON MONDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 17™
OF NOUEMBER 1623

PRESENT

the Right Hono” Lo: Padgett.
S* Walter Earle.

m’ Nich: ffarrar Dpty. m’ Barbo'. m* Geo: Smith.
m’ John ffarrar. m’* Caswell. m’ Scott.
m’ Tomlins. m’* Newport. mn’ ffelgate.
m’ Binge. m* Berkeley. m’ Balmford.
m’ Shippard. m’ Bromefeild. mn’ ffreake.
m* Wheatley. m* Wreosly. m’ Rider.
m* Paulavicine. m* Bennett. m' Cuffe.
m'’ Steweard. m’* Sparrowe.

m’ Gilbert Moorewood. m’ Hackett.

m’ Kirrell. m* Russell.

m’ Robbins. m** * Waterhowse.
m’ Colt. with some fewe others.
m’ Woodall.

m’ Roberts Iuf.

m’ Marmad: Rayner.

The Co™ held on Wedensday the 12 of Nouember was read and by
a generall erecéon of hands approued to be rightly sett downe.

16456—vo.t 2—06——31

482 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M' Deputie acquainted the Court if it pleased the Comissioners on
ffriday last to pmitt the readinge ouer of the generall Letter to the
Companie from the Gouernor and Counsell of Virginia w™ did beare
Date the 5° of Iune last w™ havinge diligently obserued and since also
hauinge conferred wth some others then pisent he said he would the
deliuer the contents thereof vnto them

The tre was from §' ffrancis Wyatt Rog" Smith
Geo: Yeardley Io: Pountys
lonPott. Raph Hamer
Geo: Sandys Christo: Dauison

And directed to t{he] [346]

Ea of Southampton and the rest of the Lord¢ of the Counsell for
Virginia: And began thus That by a succesfull Stratagem they had
not only regained their people but cutt of diuers of the Indian Kinges
and great Comaunders: Amongst whome they are confident that
Opachankano was one it beinge impossible for him to escape, beinge
the designe was chiefely on his person and that exposed to the prin-
cipall danger: That hauinge held them in a longe hope of Peace they
had gained the knowledge of their places of residence and that their
Corne was nowe so forward as it was to late for them vpon this fresh
occasion to remoue so that they doubted not to giue them shortley a
blowe that shall neare or altogether ruinate them: That the ffort goeth
on cheerefully (consideringe the number of their people and the many
imploym™ they haue besid¢€:) And two thousand acres of land |lof
inheritance|| should be sett out for such as shalbe willinge to plant
about it there beinge land enough: And the like respects for all part¢
where Citties and fortified Townes are to be built: They wish also
that Martins Hundred might be taken into reguard because it greatly
importeth the security and plentie of the Plantaéon and wall the
distrucéon of the Sauadges in that they shall haue thereby a neare
passage to their principall Seates and the better cofiand both of that
and the other Riuer w™ they wish might be supplied and that speedily
with great numbers to make good their nowe inhabited Seate and that

NOVEMBER 17, 1688 “ 483

also §of§ Cheseack, And that if a Pale were sett to rui between, it
would gaine the whole fforest and make it inaccessable to the Sau-
adges, And they aduise that the Comanders be agreed with, for a
yearely rent by the Pole: They desire likewise to knowe the Com-
panies pleasure (because it is not mentioned in their Instrucéons)
whither they may make prise of such Dutch and ffrench as they shall
finde to trade with the Sauadges within our Limitts.

Lastly they certifie that the whole Collony God be thanked haue
recouered health and that nothinge wants more then sodaine and great
Supplies of People well furnished to giue perfecéon to this noble
Acton And so ended their letter, whereat the Companie did much
reioyce praisinge God for soe good newes.

And one m’ Raymond likewise beinge nowe present in Court acquainted
the Companie that he was in Virginia in May last when I=otan the
great Kinge sent to 8" ffrauncis Wyatt word that if he would send vp
some ten or twelue Englishmen vnto him he would deliuer all the rest
of the Captiue English he had and would also deliuer his Brother
Opachankano who was the Autho’ of the Massacre into the hands of
the English either aliue or dead: And some fower dayes before that,
he the said Raymond came from Virginia, Captaine Tucker with some
Twelue more was gonne to do this exploite w* nowe it seemed by the
Report of this Letter was performed.

The Companie beinge informed that the foresaid generall letter was
still in the Coffiissioners hands desired m‘ Tomlins and m‘ Copland
to repaire vnto them sometime to morrowe and to entreat them that
the Companie may haue the originall or at least a Coppie thereof to
be read at their Quarter Court for the generall satisfacton of all men.

Whereas the Companie heretofore in a thankfull acknowledgem* of
the great & extraordinary care and paines that the Right Hono” the
Ea: of Southampton and 8S‘ Edwin Sandys haue taken for the good
of the Companie and aduancement of the Plantaéon did giue vnto
each of them 20 shares of land of old Aduenture: It was nowe moued

484 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

that the said shares might be confirmed vnto them vnder the Comp*
Seale w™ moéon the Court generally condiscended vnto and therevpon
desired

m’ Tomlins m’ ffelgate
m' Bromfeild _ m’ Seaward
m‘ Copland — | or any two of them

to meete at m’ Deputies to [847] morrowe about 10 of the Clocke
to ioyne w™ the Auditors and Coffittees about y* preparing of some
fitt Draft€ against the Quarter Court for that purpose as also for
drawinge vpp of those seu%all Securities that were appointed to be
donne at the last Court w™ seuerall thing€ were ordered to be passed
at the Quarter Court.

And whereas it was also moued by some of the Aduenturers of the
Blomery worke that they might haue a Patent w™ a full proporéon of
land due for their Aduenture and for the number of persons that they
haue already or shall hereafter transport for aduancement of that
worke: The Court generally agreed therevnto recomending it to the
care of the former Comittee to conceaue the forme of a Patent and to
make it ready against the Quarter Court: And also to thinke what
further benifitt or priuiledge the Companie might graunt vnto them
w they were willinge to doe, so much they prized and esteemed this
Supplie.

M' Berkley presented his petiéon to the Court w™ beinge read the
Court thought fitt to referre it to the consideraéon of the former
Comittee who are to certifie their opinions what they shall thinke fitt
to be donne therein.

The Court havinge considered also of ffrauncis Carters petiéon are
pleased this offer be made vnto him. vizt that for the 60" remayninge
due for his wages he shall have fiue shares of 12" 10° p share and
shall likewise haue giuen him eight shares more in reward of his good
seruice wherewith the Comittee are to make him acquainted and if
he shalbe contented therew™ the Comp doth promise they shalbe con-
firmed vnto him at their next Quarter Court.

NOVEMBER 19, 1623

A QuarRTER CouRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDNESDAY IN THE
AFTERNOONE THE i9™ oF NoUEMBER 1623."

PRESENT

the Right Hono™ Lord Lawarr.
S' Thomas Wilforde.
m’* Spencer.

m’* Casewell.
m’ Blande.
m’* Whitley.
m’ Sheldon.
m’ Newporte.
m’ Thornhill.

m’ Sparrow.
m* Cartwright.
m’ Gibbs.

Cap‘ Bargraue.
m’ Scott.

m* Hobbs.

m’ Deputy.

m’ Garrett.

m* Wrote.

m’ lo: fferrar.
m’ [ohn Smith.
m* White.

m’ Bynge.

m‘ Tomlyns.
m’‘ Palavicine.
m’‘ Balmforde.

m' Bromfeilde.

m’* Wrothsly.

Cap‘ Martin.
m’ Woodall.
m’ Purchas.
m’ Russell.
m’* Leauer.
m’ Cuffe.

m* Copeland.
m'‘ Rogers.

m’ Edwar: Waterhouse.

m’ Hurd.
Cap‘ Smith.
m’ Hackett.

m’* Mullins.
m’ Selby.
m’ Rich: Bennett.

m’ Viner.
m’ Seawarde.
m’ Barkham.

m’‘ Sheppard.
m* Ryder.

m’ Berkley.
m’ Swinhoe.

the Polander.
m* Wiseman.
m’* Woodnott.
min’ Nicholls.
m’ Robins.

m’ Keightley.
m’ Martin.

m’ Colthurst.
m’ Withrall.

m’ Rich: Perry.
m’ Eldred. m’ Couell.
m’ Edwards. m’ Ewens.

1 With this court the handwriting changes to that of Thomas Collett (7).

486 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY
m’ Willmor. m’ Kirrell.
m’ Collett. m’ Thomson.
m’ Pruson. m' Tho: Waterhouse.
wn’ ffreake. . tm’ Barker.
m’ Berblock. © m’* Meuerell.
m’ Norwood. m’ Bull.
m' Bolton. m‘ Berkley.
m’ Elkinton. ow" divers others. [348]

The Preparative Court held the 17“ of this monneth was read and by
a generall erection of hands approved to be rightly sett downe.

In w™ Court m‘ Deputy haueinge made a breife Relaéon of y® Con-
tents of the generall letter from the Counsell of Virginia vnto the
Company here (as haueinge read itt before his Ma“* Comissioners on
ffryday last) hee did now signifie that since that time itt had pleased
the Comissioners vppon request of the last Court, to send him the
Originall letter itt selfe that itt might be read att this present Court
(requyringe itt to be afterward returned vnto them againe) Wher-
vppon the said letter was read the Coppie wherof doth here ensue.

Right Hono’ C*.

Wee haue by a succesfull stratagem not onely regayned our people but cutt
off some kings and divers of the greatest Comaunders of the Enemie, amonge
whome wee are assured Opachankano is one, itt beinge impossible for him to
escape the designe beinge cheifly vppon his pson and y‘ happilie exposed to
the greatest daunger. By holdinge them in a long hope of peace, wee haue
come to knowledge of their places of residence and their Corne is now soe for-
ward that itt is to late for them vppon this fresh occasion to remoue soe that
wee doubt not to giue them shortlie a blowe, that shall neer or altogether
ruinate them.

The fforte goeth cheerfully on for the nomber of our people and y° many serv-
ices they are to be imployed in, and wee conceave itt would be of speciall
Consequence if you would be pleased to graunt a Comission for 2000 Acres of
land of inheritance to such as shalbe willinge to plant about itt, w® the Societie
may well spare, there beinge Land enough besides, and better then that for
Ten Thousand Planters. ‘

NOVEMBER 19, 1623 487

Wee desire yo" wee may haue yo’ Peremptory answere to this poynte for the
faylinge of the like to divers of our letters, hath been a great hinderance to
our peeeding¢. The like respect must be had to all pts wher Citties & ffortified
Townes are to be built, there beinge many fitt places for y* purpose in this
River, and many forward Planters already want roome to seate on. Martins
Hundred also would be taken into yo" regard w™ greatly importeth the secur-
itie and plenty of this Plantaton and w"all the Destructon of y* Sauages in y‘
wee shall haue herby a swifte passage to their principall Seates & the better
comaund both of this and the other River; W™ must be supplyed, and y‘
speedilie, w™ greater nombers y* may make good this their now inhabited seate
& y‘* of Chescack a pale beinge runn between, wins the wholl fforrest and makes
itt inaccessable to the Salvages. An excellent place and not fitt to be lefte
vnpeopled any longer. And to thend their badd returnes may no longer dis-
courrage them wee thinke itt the best course, both for themselvs their Officers,
and servants, that y* Comaunders be agreed w™ for a certaine rent yearly, for
everie on by the Poll, y‘ shall live vndertakinge allso for all publiq, charges
and advancem‘ of Staple Comodities. Men seasoned & experienced in this
Countrie wilbe fittest to Comaund, by this means they may allsoe haue a Stocke
of Corne to victuall such people as they shall send ouer hearafter to the great
diminuzon of their charges: The like course wee could wish might be taken
w* other Societies (as wee haue formerly advised for y® Companies Tenants)
submittinge our opynions to yo’ better iudgm™.
Wee desire to know yo’ pleasures since itt is not menZoned att all in yo" Instruc- Endorsed. > y*
tons haveinge been doubted by divers & leave not graunted by any late Com- _ —*
issions, whether wee shall make prize of such Dutch and ffrench as wee shall gmpton w” other
finde to trade w™ y® Salvages win our lymit¢. ' y* L* & to y* rest
The Colony god be thanked hath recovered health, & nothinge wants more of y* Noble mifid-
then suddaine & great supplies of people well furnished to giue pfecton to this ©4 Adventurers of
noble Action, wherin wee beeseech the allmightie to prosp yo" and our endeav- ti a Coe
ours, Thus wee humbly take our leaves & remaine. Att yo" Comaunds.
Ivne y* 14" 1623.
Iohn Pountes. Christ. Dauison: Roger Smith
Fra: Wyat: George Yeardly
Georg Sandys Iochn Pott [349]

Captaine Martin as before the readinge of this generall letter, soe
nowe againe moved verie earnestlie that the three letters he presented
to m’ Deputy might be publiquely read in Court, sayinge they were
Coppies of pryvate letters that came from Virginia, dated in Ivne &
Iuly last Butt the Court vnderstandinge they were onely Coppies and
not y® Originall€ did generally hould itt vnfitt they should be read.

488 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Notwithstandinge forasmuch as Cap' Martin still pressinge the read-
inge of them, m' Deputie putt itt to the question, and by a generall
erection of hands (except one that dissented) they were denyed to be
read.

After this m’ Deputie plsented to the Court ffower seuerall Draughts
w* the apoynted Comittee by order of the last Court had drawne vpp
and caused to be engrossed beinge these w™ followe.

ffirst a Confirmation of Twentie shares to the Right hono™ the Earle
of Southampton, w™ the Company in a thankfull acknowledgment of
his noble Deserts and meritts both from themselvs and the Plantaéon
(they haueinge no other means to express their love) haue given vnto
his Lo’. A Coppie wherof doth here ensue.

This Indenture made the Nineteenth day of Novemb™ Ann° 1623, and in y°
years of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord Iames by the grace of God kinge
of England Scotland ffraunce and Ireland defendour of the flayth C* (vizt) of
England ffraunce and Ireland the one and Twentieth And of Scotland the Seaven
and ffiftieth: Between y° Treasuror and Company of Adventurers & Planters
of the Cittie of London for the ffirst Colony in Virginia of the one ptie and
the Right Honob®: Henry Earle of Southampton of the other ptie Wittnesseth
that wheras the right Hono”: Henry Earle of Southampton hath ever since the
eight and Twentieth day of Ivne Ann° 1620 vntill this present pformed the
place of Treasuror of his Company, w™ singuler wisedome pvidence and Care
and much Noble paines and Industrie and w™ vnquestionable integritie to the
Advancement of the Plantaton & full sattisfactéon of vs the Company: Now
know yee y* wee y° said Tfer and Company in testimony of our due thank-
fullnes and approbaéon of his Noble Deserts and Merritts from vs the Com-
pany heere and from the Plantacon in Virginia haueinge no greater means to
express itt. Doe by these presents giue & graunt to y® said Henry Earle of
Southampton his heirs and Assignes for ever Twentie shares of Land Old
Adventure in Virginia to be taken in such place no others right beinge pliudiced
and att such time as hee or they shall thinke ffitt: To be held by him and them
w" all those priveledges, ffreedomes & iffiunities w*” belonge to shares of old
Adventure for w™ Twelue pounds tenn shilling€ hath been paid: In wittness
and Confirmaéon wherof the said Treasuror and Company to one pt of this
Indenture haue sett their Legall and Coffion seale And to the other pt therof
the said Right Hono™: Henry Earle of Southampton hath sett his hand and
Seale: Given in a great and general] Quarter Coort of the said Trer and Com-
pany the day and year first aboue written.

NOVEMBER 19, 1623 © a 489

W" beinge Read and approved was by a generall erectéon of hands
(noe one dissentinge) ordered to be sealed. [350]

The second was likewise a Confirmaéon of Twentie Shares vnto S'
Edwin Sandis w™ the Company had formerlie given him as a testi-
money of their love and thankfullnes for his extraordinary well
Deservinges of the Company and Plantaéon, both before and in the
time of his Treasurorshipp and since as will more att large appeare by
the Graunt itt selfe wherof y° Coppie doth here ensue.

This Indenture made the Nineteenth day of Nouemb’ 1623. And in the years of
the raigne of our Soveraigne Lord Iames by the grace of God kinge of England
Scotland ffraunce and Ireland Defendour of the ffayth C* that is to say of Eng-
jand ffraunce and Ireland the one and Twentieth and of Scotland the Seaven
and ffiftieth: Between the Treasuro’ and Company of Adventurers and Planters
of the Cittie of London for the ffirst Colony in Virginia w™ the advise and
Consent of y® Counsell for the same on the one parte. And S* Edwin Sandys
of Norbourne in the Countie of Kent knight on the other part.

Wittnesseth that wheras wee the saide Treasuro’ Counsell and Company in a
great and generall Quarter Court held for Virginia the second of May 1621;
in regard of the extraordinary well Deservings of the saide S' Edwin Sandis
and his continuall constant endeavo™ both before and in the time of his Treas-
urorshipp to vphold and advance the Plantaton by his Industrie Care and
providence thought fitt then in his absence especially to shew some testimoney
of our love and thankfullnes (though no waies able to gratifie his paynes in y*
ample manner measure as hee had deserved.) And thervppon did bestow
Twentie shares of Land vppon him for the present till better means might
accrue, that might enhable vs to be further thankfull vnto him: Nowe knowe
yee that wee the said Treasuro", Counsell and Company haveing ever since
had farther experienc of his great loue and zeale to y® buisines of the Planta-
gon by many faithfull Counsells and endeavours pformed on his pt to the full
sattisfacton of |vs|| the Company in all things and by a most assured testi-
money of his integritie and fidelitie haue graunted-andeonfirmed | willingly
condiscended vnto the request made in his behalf and do,|| by these prnts de
graunte |lratifiel| and Confirme vnto the said S* Edw: Sandis |jand| his heirs
end-assigns for ever the said Twenty Shares of old Adventure in Virginia To
be taken in such place wher no others right might-be ||being| pliudiced and
at such time as hee or they shall thinke fitt. To be held by him and them wt
all those pryveledges freedomes and Immunities w™ belonge to Shares of old
Adventure for w™ Twelue pounds tenn shillings hath been paide: In Wittness
and Confirmaéon wherof the said Treasuror and Company to the one pt of this

490

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Indenture haue sett their Legall and Cofion Seale And to the other pt therof
the said S' Edwin Sandis hath sett his hand and Seale. Given in a great and
generall Quarter Court of the said Treasuro’ and Company the day and year
first aboue written.

W beinge read and approved the Court vnanimouslie agreed and
ordered by a generall erecéon of hands, (except 5 that dissented)
that the said Graunt should be sealed. [351]

The third was likewise a Confirmaéon of Twentie Shares vnto m‘
Iohn fferrar, w™ the Company had allso formerlie given him in testi-
monyall of their thankfull acknowledgm’‘ and approbaéon of his good
and faithfull service pformed for the Company in the time of his
Three years Deputiship and since as more fully appears by the said
Graunt wherof the Coppie doth here ensue.

This Indenture made the Nineteenth day of Novemb’ 1623 And in the years of
y® Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord Iames by the grace of God kinge of England
Scottland ffraunce and Ireland Defendo’ of the ffayth C’. That is to say of
England ffraunce and Ireland the one and Twentieth and of Scotland the seaven
and fliftieth Betweene the Treasuro’ and Company of Adventurers and Plant-
ers of the Cittie of London for the ffirst Colony in Virginia, w™ the advise and
Consent of the Counsell for ye same on the one p‘ and John fferrar of London
Cittizen & Marchant on the other ptie: Wittnesseth that wheras wee the said
Treasuro’ GeunseH and Company did in a great and generall Quarter Court
held on y° Two and twentieth day of May in the year 1622 giue and bestow
vppo |mrj John fferrar late Deputie. Twenty shares of old Adventure in
testimoniall of our thankfull acknowledgm', and approbagon of the great and
faythfull service pformed by him in the place of Deputie duringe the time of
three years w“ hee served in that place. And further ordered that togeather
w y° guift itt selfe, itt should be entred in our Court booke that wee con-
ceaved his merritts soe greate, as if our greatest liberallytie had not by our
Lawe been bounded w“in the Compasse of ‘'wentie shares wee would haue
extended itt w |\tol a farr larger proportéon. Now know yee that vppo the
humble petigon of the said Iohn fferrar That the said guifte of Twenty shares
may be confirmed vnto him vnder our Cofiion Seale: Wee the said Treasuror
and Company haveinge ever since vntill this time had further experienc of his
great love and zeale to the Plantaton, by the exceedinge paines, Cost & charges
w the said John fferrar hath vndergone for the advancem* of the said Plan-
tagon, to y° full sattisfacton of vs the said Freasurer and Company in all
things and full assured testimoney of his fidelitie by the fayre orderly and

NOVEMBER 19, 1623 491

pfect Accompts of all monneys Receaved and Disbursed by him, w™ haveinge
passed all manner of Tryall requyred, hee y° said Iohn fferrar hath his Quietus
est given vnto him vnder our Comion Seale: haue willinglie condissended vnto
his humble request and doe by these plsents ratefie & confirme vnto the said
John fferrar and his heirs for ever. Twentie shares of old Adventure in Vir-
ginia to be taken in such place no others right beinge pliudiced and att such |
time as hee or they shall thinke fitt, and to be held by him and them w™ all
those pryveledges, ffreedomes and imunities w°" belonge to shares of old
Adventure for w™ Twelve pound¢ Tenn shilling¢ hath beene paide In wittness
& Confirmaton wherof the said Treasuror and Company to y° one pt of this
Indenture have sett their legall and Coffion Seale, and to the other pt therof
the said Iohn fferrar hath sett his hand and seale. Given in a great and Gen-
erall Quarte’ Court of the said Treasuror and Company the day & year first
aboue written.

W™ beinge read after a good pause and no man takinge excepéon
therevnto m™ Deputie puttinge itt to y° Question itt was vnanimously
agreed and Ordered by a generall erecéon of hands (one onely Dissent-
inge) that y® said Graunt should be sealed. [352]

M’ Deputie presented likewise an Accompt of his Receipts and
Disbursments made since the Auditinge of his former Accompt w™
the Audito™ and Committees haveinge lately before examined and
Audited had in the foote therof made this Reporte followinge.

This Accompt aswell what hath been therin Disbursed w“out pticuler
warfnt as well as by warfnt was Audited by vs the 18" of November
1623: Soe that wee finde y* Nicholas fferrar hath Disbursed for the
Virginia Company since his last Audite.

ffirst as appeareth on the other side : 14. 06—

And more as appeareth on this side : 05. 08—

More restinge Due on his form? Accomp’ Audited the 14. 08—
12™ of May 1623. =

Soe that wee finde due to him from the Company 79: 14. 10
tis i Se We TOR et... —~

Iohn Dauers. TIohn Bland.
Patrick Copeland. Isack Seaward.
Richard Casewell. Richard Wiseman.
Iohn fferrar.

492 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M’ Deputie herevppon acquainted the Company that y® Audito™ and
Comittee aforenamed accordinge to the Order of the last Court had
drawne vpp the forme of a Securitie to be passed vnto him vnder the
Seale aswell for repayment of the said sume of 79": 14°: 10* due vnto
him as allso for what further engagments himselfe and his Brother
haue since the Auditinge of his former Accompt or shall herafter runn
into for the Companies cause and by their Order A Coppie of w™
securitie is here incerted.

To all to whome these piliits shall come The Treasuror and Company
of Adventurers and Planters of the Cittie of London for y° first Colony
in Virginia send Greetinge Wheras by testimoney vnder y° hands of
the Audito” and Comittees dated the 18% of November 1623, itt hath
appeared to this Court yt Nicholas Ferrar Deputy of the said Company
hath since the Twelth of May last togeather w™ what remayned due
vnto him Disbursed the some of Seauentie Nine pounde, ffourteen
shillings & Tenn pence by good and sufficient warfnt and for the
especiall service and behoofe of the said ||generall|| Company: Wee
therfore the said Treasuror and Company Doe by these present¢€
acknowledge ourselvs indebted vnto y® said Nicholas fferrar the some
of 79" 14° 10*, And Doe binde our selvs and Successo™ to pay and sat-
tisfie vnto the said Nicholas Ferrar the said sume of 79": 14°: 10*
And wheras ffurther the said Nicholas fferrar, and Iohn fferrar his
brother late Deputy of the Company Doe stand ingaged for the pay-
ment of divers Sumé¢ of monney for wages to severall psons and others
for the onely Debt and behoofe of vs the said Company, into w™
engagement they entred att the entreatie of vs the said Treasuror and
Company: Now know yee that wee the said Treasuro’ and Company,
doe for our selvs and Successors pmise Covefint and agree to keepe
and saue harmeless y°® said Iohn and Nicholas fferrar their Executo™
administrato” and assignes from all such seuerall engagm™ as they
haue entred into for our service and behoofe and to cause the said
Somes as they shall respectively gvewe ||fall|| due to be truly paid
and discharged, and for ||the|| further securitie [353] of the said
Nicholas and Iohn fferrar in y* premises, wee doe hereby order &
agree that itt shalbe lawfull and ffree for the said Iohn and Nicholas

NOVEMBER 19, 1623 ae 493

fferrar to take and receave to their owne prop vse and behoufe all such
Debts monneys or goods as belong §to§ vs the said Company and they
can procure or receave and to dispose and sell them till they be fully
sattisfied and discharged of y* monney alredy layd out or that herafter
vppon their engagement¢ for our behoufe and service they shall lay
out vntill they be fully sattisfied and paid all such sofies together w™ ©
all interests and damages that shall arise therby. And itt is ordered
and agreed that the Acquittances of the said §Nicholas &§ Iohn fferrar
shalbe a sufficient discharge vnto all such as shall pay them any
monneys vntill the aforesaid Debts and engagements be fully sattisfied
& cleered And in Confirmaéon of the premises wee haue caused our
Coffion and Legall Seale to be herevnto affixed. Given in a great and
generall Quarter Court held for Virginia the Nineteenth of Nouember
1623: And in the years of the raigne of our Soveraigne Lord the Kinge
of England ffraunce and Ireland the one and Twentieth, and of Seot-
land the seven & ffiftieth.

W" beinge read the Court approved and by a generall erection of
hands (one onely dissentinge) ordered itt to be sealed.

M’* Casewell likewise acquainted the Court, that wheras hee w™
on other were appoynted Stewards for pvidinge the Supp kept att
Marchant Taylo” Hall the last yeare for the Company, and for defray -
inge the charge of the said Supp haveinge Disbursed all the monneys
hee receaved from the Adventurers (as appeared by a pticuler Aceompt
therof long agoe pisented) hee had been lately arrested by a Poulterrer
for certaine monney due to him vppon that Acc° and therby forced to
pay to him and others to the Suie of 14": 17°. 00 more then hee
receaved, for repayment wherof for soe much as the former Court
had “Audited ordered hee should haue securitie vnder the Companies
Seale, hee prayd itt might be expedited and passed accordinglie by
Order of this Court W request the Court takinge into Consideraéon
and thinkinge itt a most vniust and vnworthie thinge that hee beinge
specially requested to vndergoe that troublesome Office, and haueinge
pformed itt soe well to their good Content should be soe much Dampni-
fied, did therevppon Order and agree by a generall erection of hands

494 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

(except three that dissented) that his securitie should be forthw™
Drawne vpp and passed vnder the Companies Seale for repayment of
the said sume of 14": 17° 00* out of such monneys as should com into
the generall bodie of y° Company. And further that the Companies
good acceptance of his care and paines in that service was such as
deserved a pticuler acknowledgment of thank¢ from them.

The next thinge taken into Consideraéon was that waightie Proposi-
éon lately made by the Lords of the Councell vnto the Company
touchinge the surrendringe vpp of their Charters: [354] Concern-
inge w™ and that itt might be the better vnderstood what had former-
lie passed these severall Court€ of the 15, 20" and 22 of October
were read as allso that of the 12" of this plsent moneth Wherby itt
appeared that although the Company in their answere would haue
referred their resoluéon touchinge the said Proposiéon till the Deter-
minaéon of this Quarter Court yett their said Answere was not
accepted by their LL”: and since that time another course was now
taken to bringe that buisines to a Legall tryall as appeared by the
Quo warranto prosecuted by m* Atturney against the Company. Soe
that itt was conceaved that itt was too late and out of season to take
that Propsigon againe into a fresh Dispute as was desyred by some;
butt rather to consider whither this Court would confirme the pro-
ceedings of the former Courts touchinge the aforesaid Proposiéon,
and soe holde to the Plea of their Charters w™ were now questioned.
Whervppon after mature Deliberaéon m‘ Deputie att the desire of the
Court putt itt to the question, and by a generall erection of hands
(seaven onely dissentinge) the Court vnanimously agreed and ordered
that the peeedings of the aforesaid Courts touchinge the not sur-
rendringe vp of their Charters should hereby be ratified and con-
firmed.

Itt was allsoe propounded, that for the better prosecution of soe
waightie a buisines (w™ would require often and serious Consultaéon, )
that a large Comittee might be appoynted to Consult and giue Direc-
éon as often as Occasion should be offered. W Proposiéon the Court

NOVEMBER 19, 1623 °°'. j 495

conceavinge to be verie important and of great necessitie did ther-
vppon agree and order by a generall erecéon of hands (five onely dis-
sentinge) that the Grand Comittee formerly appoynted should take
care to dyrect all matters requisite & appteyninge to that buisines.
And that thervppon the Deputie should haue authoritie to sufon
them att all times or such parte of them as hee should thinke meete.

A moéon was likewise made y‘ the Lords of the Counsell might be
humbly petitoned by the Company for restoringe their Books and
writings wherby they might be the better enhabled to prepare their
proofs and make their Defence in that waightie cause now in hand,
w™ Moéon the Court well approved of, and thervppon ordered by a
generall erecéon of hands a Petiéon to be drawne vpp accordinglie.

M’ Binge hearinge this moéon of Petigoninge the Lords for y* Com-
panies Books, said (as hee was goinge out of the Court) that lett them
make as many Petitons as they will, they shall [355] assoone haue
a Haulter as haue them: Wherof present Complainte beinge made,
and the words iustified by three that over heard him namely by m'
Gilbert Morewood, m* Wiseman, and m’* Spruson, the Court were
much troubled therat, and held itt fitt to be complayned of to the
Lords of the Counsell.

The Quarter Courte of the 15" of Ivne last was read: Wherin for so-
much as itt appeared, that the Company did then in obedyence to his
Ma" Letter forbeare the Election of their Officers, and continue their
old till this present Quarter Coort. M* Deputy moved the Coort
would now peeed to a new Choyce: w™ buisines beinge taken into
consideraéon, Itt was att length for many important reasons thought
fitt and ordered by a generall erecéon of hands (two onely dissentinge)
that all the present Officers of the Company should be continued in
their places vntill a new Elecéon in a Quarter Court.

M’ Deputie made knowne to the Court that since May last there haue
gone to Virginia ffourteen Saile of Shipps most of them laden w*

496

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Provisions wherin there haue been transported about the number of
340 psonns, as more pticularlie appeares by the note hee then pre-
sented and read w”™ is here inserted.

Soret rnr es €

i:
Q:
8:
4;

A note of y° shippinge men and Prouisions sent & prouided for Virginia by
y° Right Hono”’*: Hen: Ea: of Southampton and y* Comp* & other priuate

Aduenturers since May last 1623 vnto this 19" of Nouember—1623.

The William & Iohn of 50: Tunn in May w™ Provisions and... 06:
The Iohn & ffrauncis of 100: Tunn w Provisions and_....--.-- 10:
fg Oe" of 040: Tunn in May w™ Provisions and_.. 25:
The Bonny Bess....of 090 Tunn in May w™ Provisions and... 60:
The Godsguifte ._ ..of 080: Tunn in May w™ Provisions and... 12:
The Trueloue .. -..-of 050 Tunn in Ivne w™ Provisions & ..-_ 25:
The Due Returne -_of 080 Tunn in Iuly w™ Provisions &-_.. -. 10:
The George._....-.of 180 Tunn in Iuly w™ Provisions &, -. .- 70:
The Hopewell --._- of 60 Tunn in Iuly w™ Provisions &_.... 15:

The Marmaduke-.---of 100 Tunn in Septemb w™ Provisions &. 30:

The great Hopewell_of 120 Tunn in October w™ Provisions &.. 15:

Persons.
Persons.
Persons.
Persons.
Persons.
Persons
Persons
Persons
Persons
Persons
Persons

The Southampton. --of 180 Tunn in October w™ Provisions &_. 30: Persons
The Returne._-....-of 040 Tunn in October w™ Provisions &.. 12 Persons
The-Iacob..-... 2. of 080 Tunn now goinge in Nouember w™

prisiona &...... 22 ce... cesar 20 Persons
In all 14: Sayle of Ships w™ sundry Provisions and with— 340 Persons
Other Ships that also traded in Virginia this Sufimer & brought Prouisions
thither
The Furtherance.-of 160: Tunn—|| 5: The Margarett & John. 120:Tunns
The Bee ........-of 040: Tunn—|} 6: M* Gookins Ship— . 080: Tunns
The Tager ...4---- of 045: Tunn—|| 7: A Pynnace of m™ Westons.

The Sparrow -.-.. of 030: Tunn—

7 Shipps.

The Court beinge made acquainted by m‘ Deputie that for sattisfiinge
the monney issued out of the Stocke given for buildinge of the East
India Schoole intended in Virginia and employed vppé the publique
buisines of the Company, the Comittee vppé a Treaty w™ m‘ Copeland
thought fitt an allowance be made either in Cattle or by turninge ouer
some of the Companies Tenants for the vse [356] of the saide Schoole;

JANUARY 1h, 1625 497

Did thervppon agree that accordinglie sattisfacéon should be made by
the Company to the full for the monney soe borrowed and employed.

Itt was allsoe agreed accordinge to a Treatie had w™ m' Maurice
Berkley by the said Comittee that hee should haue his Three requests
w™ hee made in his Petiéon to the former Court: (vizt) that hee
should be released and sett free from the Companies service. Sec-
ondlie that for makinge of Salt hee should haue the vse of the Com-
panies Panns in Virginia. Thirdly that hee shall haue the proporéon
of Land sett out and assured to him and his heirs forever w™ was
formerlie pmised to him and his ffather C’.

M’ Tomlyns passed one Share of Land to m' Edward Olliuer, w™
beinge propounded in the Preparatiue Coorte and now againe and noe
excepéon taken theratt, was confirmed vnto the said Edward Olliver
and hee thervppon admitted.

Vppon moéon order was given for a Comission to be drawne vpp and
sealed for William Peirce m’: of the good Shipp called the Returne of
100 Tunns bound for transportaéon of Passengers to Virginia.

A CourTE HELDE FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDNESDAY IN
THE AFTERNOONE THE 14 or [aANuUARY—1623.

PRESENT

8" Tohn Dauers. m* Moorwood. m* Baynham.

8S’ Thomas Wroth. m’ Blande. m* Thomlyns.

§* Sam: Argall. m* Copeland. m* Leye.

m’ Rawleigh. m* Balmforde. m’* Cuffe.

m’ Aldef: Iohnson. wm’ Keightley. m* Bennett.

m’ Deputie. m’ Edwards. m’* Fra: Waterhouse.
m’* Gibbs. m’ Barker. m’ Molyns.

m’ Wrote. m’ Roberts. m* Woodnott.

m’* Io: Ferrar. m’* Etheridge. m’ Leauor.

16456—vo. 2—06——32

498 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’ Bynge. m’ Collett. m* Ewans.
m’ Palauicine. mn’ ffreake. m’ Swaine.
D' Meddus. Cap‘ Smith. m’ Budge.
m’ Palmer. m’ Stone. m’ Nicholls.
m’ Wilforde. m* Abdey. m’ ladwin.
m' Brooke. m' Wiseman. m* Caninge.
m’ White. m' Truloue. m’ ffelgate.
m’ Purchas. m’ Swinhoe. m’ Withrall.
m’ Io: Smith. m* Webb. m’ Meuverall.
m’ Woodall. m* Widowes. m’ Jones.
m’* Rogers.

m’ Io: Gilbert.

m'‘ Io: Weston.

m’ ffaucett.

m’ Maisterson.

m’ Wheatlow.

m’ Watson.

m* Hobbs.

m’ Tho: Waterhouse.
m’ Elkinton.

m’ Sharrow.

m' De Lawne.

Martin y* Armenia.
Molasco: y*® Polander.
m’* Mase.

w" divers others to the
number of 120 in all [357]

The Quarter Courte of the 19: of Nouember last was nowe read wherat
some tooke excepéon, first for that themselvs deptinge before the
rysinge of the Court, had their names sett downe in the forefront, as
if they had been present att §from§ the begininge to the verie endinge
therof Implyinge therby (as they pretended) there Assent w™ the rest
to all that passed in that Court: Secondlie in regard that beinge of a
Contrary opynion touchinge some Proposiéons and Acts thervppé
their names were not expreslie sett downe wher they did dissent:

JANUARY 14, 1624 499

Concerninge those two poynts m’ Christopher Brooke shewed how itt
was the practise of all Courts and Companies whatsoever to doe as
was in thiscase done, that the names were taken att-present, w™ were
present att any good parte of the Court although not att the wholl,
that to sett downe the nomber of everie mans entringe or departinge
was as impossible to be observed as needless; for itt did not follow as.
was alleadged that everie mans actuall consent was impleyed in the
Acts of y*® Court w™ are founded and haue their validitie from the
Consent of y° grater ptie of the Company present; Wherfore itt was
a verie needless feare that any pticuler man could be challenged for
his actuall consenting to a Proposiéon passed in Court if himselfe
would deny itt.

ffor the Second itt was likewise shewed how inconvenyent & con-
trary to all other Courts practize itt was to sett downe the names of
such as differ from the rest of the Court except in some pticuler cases
by speciall order of the Court or desire of the pties themselvs.
Whervppon the Court did by ereeéon of hands order that the wonted
course should be held in both the former poynte.

M' Wrote likewise signified of Three things omitted in y° aforesaid
Quarter Court w™ hee then offered to the Consideraéon of y® Com-
pany when they came to the Proposiéon touchinge the surrendringe
vpp of the Patent Companies Charters. Namely ffirst whither their
saide Charters did not conteyne some things Derogatinge from y° Kings
Prerogatiue. Secondlie whither vppon a strict examinaéon there
might not be found matter sufficient to shew wherin they had made a
forfeiture. And lastlie whither if they should stand out in Sute
w" the Kinge they were able w“out his gracious fauour and assistance
to subsist and make good that great Action of vpholdinge and advance-
inge the Plantation, w™ things were acknowledged to be spoken by
m' Wrote as likewise the answere to them (vizt) That the Company
did not Doubt butt on a full and right informaéon of their peeedinge
his Ma“: would be pleased to lett them haue his gracious fauour in
more ample manner then ever. [358]

500 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Butt the omittinge of these things was by the Court adiudged to be
no defect in entringe of the former Court beinge not arguments of
that nature as those y* did conduce to the Conclusion: Yett vppd
m' Wrotes Desire itt was ordered they should be now in this Court
inserted.

After this the Quarter Court beinge putt to the Question was by a
generall Erecéon of hands approved to be rightlie sett downe.

M’ Deputy acquainted the Court hee had receaved a letter subscribed
by some of the LL‘ of the Counsell, and dyrected vnto him as Depu-
tie of the Virginia Company: w™ hee presented in Court and caused
to be read the Coppie wherof doth here ensue.

After our hartie Comendagons: Wee are informed that ther is a Shipp
lately arryved from Virginia, And for some causes knowne ynto vs wee
doe hereby require yo" to seaze vppon all the Letters.as well publiq, as
pryvate that come in the said Shipp and to bringe or cause them to be
saffely brought vnto vs vnopened with as much expediéon as yo" can
wherof yo" may not faile and this shalbe yo" warfnt And soe wee bid
yo" hartelie farewell
ffrom Whitehall the 30" of December, 1628. Yo" lovinge frends,
Io: Lincolne C:s

Middlesex.
To our verie lovinge ffrend =~ - Richmond Lenox.
Nicho: fferrar Deputy of the ' Carlisle: Lo: Brooke.
Virginia Company.. i, ~ Rich: Weston.

W" letter beinge read hee Desyred the Company would generally take
notice of their LL” pleasure therin, to thend that vppd the first
newes of any shipps returned from Virginia their LL™ might receaue
speedy advertizement as was requyred.

M’ Deputie acquainted the Court that the speciall cause of callinge
this present Court was abet §vppon§ a writinge receaved from y°
Secretary of the Somer lands Company w™ hee caused to be read
being as followeth.

'1The original letter, sent to Nicholas Ferrar, is among the Ferrar Papers, Magdalene College,
Cambridge. For further citation, see List of Records, No. 608, Vol. I, page 186, ante.

JANCABRY ty 1OQh. 06> « 501

Arr a Court For THE Soffer ILANDS HELDE AT SR
Tuomas Smitus HOUsE THE 5“ or Ianuary—1623. . .. = [359]

This Court takinge into Consideraéon the necessitie of some plsent course to be taken
for the ventinge of their Tobacc®? w“out w™ they conceaue itt impossible for the
Plantation to subsiste, And fyndinge that itt noe lesse concerns the Plantacon of
Virginia to make provision in the same kinde. Haue thought fitt to desire the Dep-
utie of the Virginia Company to call a Court and to make knowne vnto them that
they are desyrous to conferr w™ them therin, And for that purpose haue nominated
a Cofhittee who shalbe redie to giue meeting to any Cofiittee whome they shall
appoynte seriously to advize therof w™ they desire may be some time this weeke,
and if they shall thinke good att the house of S' Thomas Smith or any other indif-
ferent place they shall make choyce of. Wherein they nothinge Doubt of theire
redy willingnes as the importance of this buisiness (equally concerninge the good of
both Plantatons) doth necessarilie require.
Edw: Waternouse Secref.

Vppon the readinge wherof m* Withers tooke excepéons att the pap
beinge intituled as an Act of the Sofier Hands Company, w™ hee
conceived had not mett since their last beinge att ffounders Hall As
for the Assemblies att S* Thomas Smithes hee did doubt for his pt
whither they were Vsurpations vppon the Gouerm‘ rather then the
Lawfull Courts of the Company; In w™ Proposicon itt seemed hee
was by divers others seconded, and on the Contrarie some alleadged
that S' Thomas Smith was Confirmed Gouerno’ by the Kings letter:
W" m* Withers answered hee was ignorant of. Butt the Virginia
Company desyred this question might be silenced now in their Court
and lefte to the tryall of themselvs att the next Somer lands Quarter
Courte. Butt for the matter in hand the Court desyred that the
Proposiéons of the Sofier [lands Adventurers might be pduced,
w" m' Edwards acknowledged to haue in writinge Butt desyred that
the Company would first appoynte a Coffiittee before they heard
the Proposiéon: W“ kinde of course seemed verie strange to the Court
and contrarie to all former presidents, that they should appoynt a
Comittee w“out some light of y° pticularities and therevppon much
Dispute arysinge on each partie, itt was by divers held vnfitt to meddle
w' any new Proposiéon, butt to reserve all to the Parliament now att
hand; who haueinge att their last sittinge out of their love to Virginia
butt much mo’e out of their care of the wellfaire of this kingdome,

502 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

sett a verie good course concerninge the Tobaccoes of the Plantaéons,
itt was to be hoped vppon the same ground itt might be now fully
effected w" was then lefte vnpfect; besides consyderinge the vneer-
taine State the Company stood in, itt Did not seeme either saffe or
reasonable to begin a new treatie. [360]

Yett never the lesse that there might be noe shaddowe of Scandall
vppon the Company as if out of willfullnes they would neglect any
thinge that might tend to the good of the Plantaéons although the
strangness of m’ Edwarde Demaunds w™ hee and some others reso-
lutely made to haue a Comittee named before hee produced his Propo-
siéons, was the more increased by the speeches of m* Edwardé€ and m‘*
Wrote, who affirmed that the Sofier lands Companies Proposiéons
were soe vncertaine & onely in Imaginaéon as theris as much expecta-
éon to haue some Proposiéon from y° Virginia Comittee as from
themselvs: and m* Edwardé affirmed that the Cofiittee should vnder-
stand that pryvately w™ is not fitt to be publiquely made knowne:
Yett nevertheless to gayne knowledge of their Proposicons, the Court
did by erecéon of hands order that without Preiudiceinge the Question
whether they from whome these Proposiéons came were the lawfull
Company of y® Sumer Ilands, there should be a Comittee appoynted
by this Court to giue them a meetinge, and if they thinke fitt to debate
the matters propounded: butt not to conclude any thinge, butt to
reserve all entire to the Preparatiue Courte:

Whervppon m‘ Edward¢ produced a pap beinge as followeth.
At a Sumer Ilande¢ Coort y® 13: Ianuarij 1623.

The grounds or reasons w™ induce y°® Somer Lande
Company to desire a meetinge w™ y°® Virginia Company

They Conceive and vppon full Debate haue by erecéon of hands resolved.
ffirst
That the Plantaéon cannott subsist butt by a better vent of their
Tobacco then formerlie they haue had.
Secondly.
That noe ease of Custome or any other course that wee can devise will
serve to vent the saide Tobacc® as aforesaide, butt onely by prohibit -

JANUARY 14, 1624 503

inge all fforraigne Tobacc® and forbiddinge y° planting of itt at home,
Soe as there may no other Tobacc’ he vented in England butt such as
shalbe of the groweth of Virginia and the Sumer Islands—

Edw: Waterhouse Secré:

W" beinge read there was some exception taken att the first that itt
was too absolutely sett downe: for they did not doubt [861] butt Vir-
ginia would shortlie subsiste vppon farr better Cofiodities then
Tobacco: And for the Second they were of opinion that w™outt exclu-
sion of fforraigne that of the Planta@ons could never be well vented:
And the Court ndiated for their Comittee, S' John Dauers, m‘ Deputie,
m’ Wither, m’ White or m* John Smith, and m’ Casewell who were
desyred to giue the Sommer lands Aduenturers a meetinge att Grocers
Hall att such time as St Thomas Smith should appoynte vppé a dayes
warninge before to the intent formerlie expressed.

M’ Woodall presented to the Court an Order of the GL’ of the Counsell
Dated the 8™ of December last w* was now read The Coppie wherof
doth here ensue.

Att Whithall the 8: of December 1623'

Earle of Kelly.
3 Lo: Visc' Grandison.
: President. Lo: Chichester.
: Pryuie Seale. m* Treasuror, _
: Stewarde. , mm’ Secr*: Caluert.
: Marshall. M’ of y° Rolle
: Chamberlain.

There was this Daie read att the Board a Petiton in the name of sundry Adventurers
& Planters of y® Virginia Plantations Complayninge that wheras sundry of them are
willinge to surrender vpp their Patent for poynt of Gouerment, his Ma"° takinge
care to preserve everie mans pticular Interest as hath been requyred by his Ma“*:
, and that divers others of the said Company refusinge to conforme themselvs to his
Ma“** pleasure are pceeded against by m” Atturney Generall by a writt of Quo war-
ranto that they yett haue made an Order in Court that the charge of their Defence

1 This order is entered in the Colonial Entry Book, Vol. 79, p. 208, Public Record Office. See List
of Records No. 599, Vol. I, page 185, ante.

504 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

shalbe borne by the publiq, Stocke to the preiudice as is conceived of those others
who are willinge to surrender ||vp]| the Patent: Itt was this day Ordered that all
they who are questioned in ye said Quo warranto shall make their Defence att their
owne pticuler charge w™out any help or dispendinge any pt of the publiq, Stock
in that case; And that such as are willinge to surrender shalbe discharged from
all contribuéon towards the expence of the saide sute both in their psons and their
goods.
Ex‘ Williat Beecher [362]

W™ beinge Read m’ Deputie signified that this Order as appears was
grounded vppon a Petiéon presented to the TL’ of the Counsell by
Alderman Iohnson and others, att the same time himselfe and §some§
others of the Company were Comaunded to attend their LL” att
Whitehall and were present: of W™ Petiton haueinge obteyned a
Coppie hee prayed might be read, the Coppie wherof doth here ensue.

To the Right Hono™ the Lords of his
Ma“: most Hono” priuie Counsell.

The humble Petiéon of sundrie the Adventurers and Planters
of the Virginia Plantation.

Sheweth: That they haueinge been allwaies readie and are still willinge
accordinge to his Ma“**: expresse will and pleasure to render vpp their Patent
to be att his Ma“ Disposinge, so farr as any way concerneth themselvs for
poynt of Goverm':

Butt forasmuch as m” Nicholas fferrar and some others doe wstand and shew
themselvs opposite therin and for their better enhablinge to oppose his Ma‘*:
and to ffree themselvs from the charge of sutes haue latly made an order in
their Court that the charge of defendinge their cause shalbe borne by the
publigq, Stocke of the Company.

Against whose contempt m* Atturney Generall doth now pceed by writt of
Quo warranto, in his Ma**: Court of the Kings Bench.

They humbly pray that itt may be ordered by yor It that all the charge
& expence occasioned by these sutes may be borne and expended by
themselvs that are defend* and opposites in the cause, and no pt therof
by the Companies publique Stocke nor by the goods of any the Adven-
turers and Planters y* shew themselvs conformable. And allsoe to

JANUARY 1}, 1624 505

Order for better assurance in this poynte that all such goods and pub-
lique Stocke as shall herafter be imported for the Generall Company
may be sequestred in the Custome house till yo’ Lo™ shall further
Order for the Disposinge therof to y° Planta¢ons vse.

And they shall ever pray for yo" 1™ C*.

W" beinge read m‘ Deputie signified further that although y° Peti- —
éoners did earnestly labour and presse that all the Companies goods
that should com from Virginia might be sequestred and deposited in
his Ma“: Custome house, yett their L” noble favour & Iustice was
such as not to thinke itt equall or reasonable soe to doe. Whervppon
itt pleased their Lo™ to order no otherwise vppo their Petiton then
as they had heard by the Order now presented & read and to leaue
the goods of the generall Company free w™ the [363] Peticoners
Desyred to haue sequestered (as hee conceaved) purposelie to deprive
himselfe and his Brother and those other to whome y® Company had
made over such goods for securitie of y* great Suffis due vnto them.

A moéon was made and generally thought fitt to be referred to the
Consideraéon of the Grand Cofiittee to thinke on some course for
movinge his Ma": Comissioners that they would please to certifie
and make some reporte to y® LL': of the Counsell what they haue
done in the severall buisinesses brought before them by the Company
of Virginia and their Opposers that itt may appear to what heads and
issue they haue brought the same, assuringe themselvs that therby
the Iustnes & fayrnes of the Companies pceedings would be manyfest
to all the world.

M’ Deputie propounded the passinge of these shares followinge (vizt)
One Share from m* Georg Nuce to m* Edward Ryder.

One Share from 8‘ John Thornburrough to m’ Richard Wither.

One Share from m' Laurence Maisterson to m” James ffletcher.

Two Shares from m‘ Richard Casewell to m’ ffurzeman.

One Share from m' Fra: Carter to m’ Mathias Hardinge.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

A PREPARATIVE COURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON MunpDay
IN Y*® AFTERNOONE THE SECOND OF F'EBRUARY—1623.

S' Iohn Dauers.

S' Rob: Killigrue.

m'‘ Deputy.

D* Meddus.

m* Iohn Ferrar.
m‘ White.

m’ Bynge.

m* Bromfeilde.
m’ Wriothsley.
m’ Balmforde.
m* Copelande.
m' Morris.

m’ Morewood.

PRESENT

m’ Barbor.

m’ Casewell.

mm’ Cuffe.

m‘ Baynham.

m’ Wither.

m* Ryder.

m’ Molins.

m’ Palauicine.
m’ Silua: Taylor.
m* Webb.

m' Edward Waterhouse.

m’ Swayne.
m’ Sparrowe.

m™ Wheate.

m* Wheatley.
m’ Oliuer.

m* Etheridge.
m’ Tucker.
Cap‘ Bargraue.
m’ Wiseman.
m’ Aldin.

m’ Woodall.

m’ Barkham.
m’ Whitcombe.
w" divers others

m’ Hobbs.
Cap‘ Brewster.
m’* Mace.

m* Newport.
m’ Buck.

m’ Norwood.
m’ Berkley.
m’ Roberte.
m’ ffreake.
m” Meuerell.
m’ Hackett.
m’ Berblock.
m’ Collett.

to y° nomb of 60 [364]

The Court of the 14" of Ianuary last was now read: Wherin forasmuch
as ther was observed an Omission of one mayne matter then ppounded

FEBRUARY 2, 1624 507

and referred to the Grand Comittee to move vnto his Ma“ Comis-
sione™ namely that wheras St Tho: Smith stands not onely charged
but as the Auditors and other Coffiittees conceaved dyrectlie proved
to be indebted vppon the Two first heads of excepéon against his
Accompts the Sumie of 800": That either 8‘ Tho: Smith might shew
suffitiente’ cause then by his Answere hee alleadged, and to w™ the
Auditors and Coffiittees had made reply, or otherwise be caused to
pay in y® said monneys to the Company in this extreame necessitie of
want.

Itt was this day ordered by erecéon of hands that this addiéon should
be inserted in his due place in the former Court and referred as for-
merly: W™ w” Addiéon the said Court beinge putt to the Question
was by a generall erecéon of hands approved to be rightlie sett downe.

A moéon was made that m' Deputie fferrar might haue his Quietus
est att this next Quarter Court his Accompts haueinge been Audited
and approved of by the Audito™ and Comiittees and layne their Due
times appoynted in open Court and noe excepéon taken vnto them.
And further that the Company in thankfull acknowledgment of their
approbaéon and good acceptance of his longe and faythfull service
both before and in the tyme of his Deputyshipp would please to
bestowe vppd him Twenty shares of Land old Adventure as was pro-
pounded att the last Quarter Court the like haveinge been then
graunted to the Earle of Southampton and other precedent Officers
for their extraordinary well Deservings as may appeare: Which Moéon
was generally well approved and thought verie fitt and thervppon the
Court entreated S* Iohn Dauers to putt both requests severally to the
Question w™ hee did and soe by a generall erecéon of hands no one
Dissentinge Itt was agreed & ordered and that m’ Deputy should
haue his Quietus est att this next Quarter Court passed vnto him
vnder the Companies Seale As allso a graunt of 20 shares of Land old
Adventure in as ample manner as formerlie vnto the Earle of South-
amptd or any other. And thervppon gaue order to the Secretarie to
prepare fitt draughts for the Seale against y° Quarte* Coorte.

508 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

The Shares passed in the former Court of ye 14: of January were
now againe propounded by m’‘ Deputie (vizt)

One share from m* Georg Nuce to m’ Edward Ryder. [365]
One share from 8‘ Iohn Thornbrugh, to m* Richard Wither.
One share from m* Law: Maisterson to m" James ffletcher.
Two shares from m’ Richard Casewell to m' ffurzman.

One share from m0" ffrauncis Carter to m’ Mathias Hardinge.

All w™ Shares no man takinge excepéon against the passinge of any
of them m‘ Deputie putt them severally to the Question and the Court
by erec@on of hands Confirmed them vnto the seuerall pties and
ordered thervpp6 that they should be admitted.

M' Hackett moved for passinge of one share vnto m‘ Io: Barnard a
verie sufficient Marriner and now in Virginia w™ share hee said was
heretofore propounded in Court butt omitted as itt seems to be entred
in the Court booke Whervppo y° Court generally assented to the pass-
inge therof vnto y*® said John Bearnard.

M' Deputie did now propound the passinge of Two shares from m’
Gabriel Barbor to m‘ Georg Rolfe.

And further acquainted the Court that one m‘’ * Dyott the sonne
of m’ Anthony Dyott desired to be admitted into the Company as his
ffathers heire of Two shares w™ hee had paid for long agoe.

M' Deputie acquainted them that the Audito™ haueinge pvsed the
Accompts found the said m*’ Anthony Dyott indebted vppo subserip-
Gon 12": 10°: w™ the Court adiudged to be a barr that his heir could
not alienate the Land to a stranger butt not to hinder his admittance
into the Company in that right: Wherfore the Court were willinge
hee should be admitted the next Court in regard they vnderstood him
to be a gentleman of good worth and learned in the Lawe.

Vppon m’ Berkleys request for the vse of the Companies Salt Panns
in Virginia accordinge to a former Order: The Court hath pmised itt

1A blank space in the manuscript.

FEBRUARY 2, 1624 509

shalbe recomended to the care of y° Gou9nor in Virginia in their gen-
erall letter to see itt pformed vnto him.

And as touchinge his further request that the 800: Acres of Land
graunted hertofore to his ffather and himselfe might be passed and
confirmed vnto him (now his ffather is dead) vnder the Companies
seale, the Court ordered a Patent therof to be drawne vpp for him
against the Quarter Court. [366]

M’ Deputie acquainted the Court that the Differences betweene the
Company and Cap‘ Martin beinge now well Composed; Itt had pleased
the Counsell for Virginia vppon his humble request and att the
entreatie of his Ma“: Cofiissioners at their last sittinge to write a
verie fauorable letter in his behalfe to the Gouerno’ and Counsell of
Virginia the Draught wherof the Comissioners had seene and well
approved as allso Cap’: Martin himselfe w™ letter beinge now pre-
sented to this Court the same was read; the Coppie whereof doth
here ensue.

After our verie harty Cofiendazons

Wee cannott Imagine but y‘ y*® report of some Differences between vs and
Cap* Martin haue com vnto yo", the ground wherof was his Patent, to y°
reversinge wherof our care to y® publiq, good onely psuaded vs, and wee con-
ceave that nothinge but the too much love therof, esteeminge itt a great losse
transported him to some further opposiéon against the Company, butt these
thing€ are now composed, and as wee haue graunted him as ample a Patent as
wee can, soe wee haue forgotten w™ a sylence never to be remembred, all the
passages therof, And hee now departs from vs w™ the Actuall possession of
our loves, and a settled intention in us §to§ affered him such further favours
and benefitts as wee shalbe able vppon the setlinge of our affayres.

Wherfore wee desyre that hee may be receaved of yo" w™ that respect and
love §as§ our earnest recomendagons doe require and his antient and continued
endeavours both of pson and purse to the Plantaton doe deserve, and in pticu-
ler y‘ the land & seat formerly possessed by him may be entirely restored vnto
him as pt of that larger Divident by our new graunt bestowed vppon him, and
that neither himselfe nor any of his Plantatéon be drawne from their worke
except for the necessary Defenc and such other important occasions as shalbe
§for§ the publique weale of the whole Collony.

And wheras hee hath made comp" of Divers wrong¢ susteyned both before and
since his coffinge from Virginia especially by S' Georg Yeardley wee verie

510 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

earnestly recofiend vnto yo" y° Gouerno’ and Counsell y° carefull examinagon
and speedie redressinge, of all such wrong¢ iniuries or losses as hee shall Duely
prove, And herin wee desire yo" more then ordinary care and to the intent
that wee may remayne the better sattisfied herin wee Desire yo" that by the
first returnes of shippinge after his arrivall yo" send vs a full Accompt of all
yo" peeeding€ herin: And soe not Doubtinge of such good pformance herin as
yo" respect to vs doth assure wee bid yo" hartilie farewell.
Yo' verie loving frends

Pembrook. . Wm Pagett. Ro: Killigrue.
Mountgomery. Tohn Dauies. Iohn White.
Wm Cauendishe © = Hum: May. _ Nicho: Ferrar Dep*.'

M’ Deputie further signified that vppd Cap’: Martins earnest sute
vuto him for some of the Companies Peeces to carrie with him to
Virginia: hee had delivered him Twelue as allso Six head Peeces, for
w hee had since sent him a letter of thanks, all of them provinge soe
well to his likinge as hee had altered their Locke, and made them
serviceable to March wall. And was further Desyrous to haue some
more of them.

Whervppo the Court beinge willinge to pleasure Cap‘ Martin in any
thing they could w™ convenyencie did generally agree [367] to giue
him the said 12 Peeces and head Peeces as allso 8 more Peeces to
make them vpp Twentie.

Butt wheras hee further Petiéoned y* the Company would be pleased
in his behalfe to giue their securitie vnto ||one|| m’ Tatem for Certaine
Notts hee should take vpp of him att a years day of payment: The
Company findinge themselvs divers wayes allready much engaged and
doubtinge besides wither their Securitie wilbe accepted as nowe things
stand did not thinke fitt to make any such offer.

Molasco the Polander Petiéoninge for such monney hee said his Ma™:
Cofiissioners found due vnto him from the Company, was answered
y’ the Company had made itt appeare by their answere to y° said Com-
issioners that hee was not to be sattisfied from them butt from such

1 The letter is also in the Library of Congress among the Manuscript Records of the Virginia Com-

pany, Vol. III, Part Il, p. 71. It is dated February 4, 1623/4. See List of Records, No. 623, Vol. 1,
page 188, ante,

FEBRUARY &, 16085. 611

as haue receaved great allowances from the Company for sattisfacton
of him and the rest of the Polanders as appeared vppd the Companies
Accompts, And namely from m‘ Woodall whom the Comissioners
pmised to examyne vppo Oath touching the said monneys, vnto whome
the Petigoer was to repayre to know what they had done therin.

M’‘ Garrett Weston petigoninge the Court for 300: Acres of Land
wherof 100: is Due vppon his bill of Adventure of 12": 10°: 00° paid
into the Companies Treasurie and the rest for the Transport of fower
servants att his charge. The Court hath ordered that if itt shall
appeare by the husbands booke that hee paid for the Transport of soe
many psons hee shall together with the share of Land due for the
said Adventure haue the aforesaide psonall shares allowed him.

Richard Willaston petyconinge likewise for the Lands Due vnto his
Vnele Hugh Willastone as his imeadiate heire who dyed in Virginia
wout issue, as allso for his psonall Share and for one servant trans-
ported at his charge: The Court ordered that vppd due proofe made
of the pticulers hee shall haue his iust proporéon of land allowed him
as allso for such servant€ as hee shall transport as is Desyred.

M' Deputie signified hee had receaved a tre w™ a Peti@on enclosed
from one Mathew Sofiers Prysoner in y* Kings bench w™ Petigéon hee
presented and read, wherin hee prayd that wheras his Ma”: Com-
issioners did treat w m’ Dep” fferrar for alottment of soe much land
as was found Due vppé [368] Accomp‘ vnto his Vncle S' Georg Sandis
§Sommers$ beinge 475" and y‘ the same was to be made ioyntlie betwixt
the Petigoner and Nicholas Sexdys §Sommers§ his Brother, that ther-
fore hee might haue a Patent for soe much as belonged vnto him,
touching w™ the Court conceaved they had noe more power to give
the Petiéoer the one halfe of the said Lands then they had to give
him all seeing the right thervnto belonged onely to the etker |jelder'||.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Att A QuaRTER CoURT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON
WEDENSDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 47" or FEBRUARY

m' Deputie.

m‘ D' Gulston.

m' D' Meddowes.
m' Cory Rawleigh.
m’ Iohn Smith.

m’ John Ferrar.
m’ White.

m’ Tomlins.

m’ Garrett.

m’‘ Binge.

m’ Edw: Waterhowse.
m’ Reamant.

m’ Barlowe.

m’ Boothby.

m’ Bull.

m’ Wheate.

m’ Barkham.

1623

PRESENT?!

m’ Watson.
m’ Robins.

m’ Colte.
Capt Martin.
m* Xofer Martin.
mm Tatam.

m’ Bolton.
Capt Baly.

m’ Widdowes.
m’ Pureas.

m' Ley.

m’ Meuerell.
m’ Mace.

m’ Kightlie.
m’ Rolf.

m’ Strainge.
mm’ Forsett.
m* Southerne.
m’ Delawne.

m’ Balmford.
m’ Copland.
m’ Bennett.
m’ Roberts.
m’ Strainge.
m’ Collett.
m’ Tucker.

mm’ Brenson.

m’ Truloue.

in’ Elkin.

m’ Norwood.

m’ Seaward.

m’ Berblock.

m" Mullens.

m’ Barbor.

m' Aldin.

m' Wriothsly.

m' Newport.

m’ Sylvanus Talor.
m’ Tho: Waterhowse.
mn’ Cuff.

m’ Freake.

m’ Fletcher.

wn’ Pallavicine.

m* Sheppard.

m* Wiseman.

' The handwriting of the first part of this court is that of the first copyist.

FEBRUARY 4, 1684

m’ Jadwin.

m* Faweett.

m’ Geo: Scott.
m‘ Buckeridge.
mm’ Io: Elkin.

m’ Olliuer.

m’ Moreward.

wn’ Fothergill.

m’ Francis Waterhowse.
m’ Stone.

m’* Hackett.

m’* Budge.

mn’ Kerrill.

m’ Russell.

w" diuers others.

The Pparatiue Courte of the second of this Moneth was read Wherein
for as much as Captaine Baly (nowe plsent) seemed not well satisfyed

w" the answeare then giuen to Captaine Mathewe Sumere€ petiéon and
request, for that the Company had declared It was not in their power
to allyenate any pte of S* George Soffiers (his vnceles) estate or title
to landé in Virginia for-asmeeh from the right heire w™ is ||the oldest||
by the Coffion lawe of England, & that much lesse could they make
any lointe Conveyance thereof vnto the pet’ & his brother Nicholas
as was desired: In w™ opynion this Courte also did concurre as beinge
a Cleere case & wout question: Notw“standinge to satisfie the
ymportunitie of Captaine Baily in the Peticone™ behalf, it was nowe
againe put to y® question by M* Deputy And therevppon by a genall
erecéon of hande€ it was ordered that S* George Suifiers lande¢ in
Virginia (due vppon his Adventures) should bee reserved entirely for
the right heire accordinge to y* Course of the Coffion Law & Custome
of this Courte. [369]

And whereas Capt. Baily moued farther that some consideraéon might
be given to the saide Mathew Suffers (as Executo’ to the saide S*
George Sumers his vnele) for certayne good¢ w™ hee the saide S* George

16456—voL 2—06———33

514 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

had putt into the Magazine in Virginia about 14 yeares since, at what
tyme Capt Tucker was Cape m9chant for the Company as namely a
gowne prised at 40" In plate valewed at about 100 marks, and the rest
in bread, sack & meale, to a good valewe there employed & spent for
the generall releif of the Colony, then in great distresse, whereof the
sayd Capt Martin tooke a pticuler Inventory by Coffiaundem* of the
Counsell whoe beinge nowe fisent & asked, seemed to remember as
much.

The Courte taking this into Consideraéon & vppon debating of the
matter although they conceaued a greate pte of the Saforesaid§ goode
(as namely the gowne & plate) could not yeild that benifitt & releif
to the Colony (as was alleadged) being then in want of victuall only:
And although it was further also informed that Capt Tucker the then
Cape m9chant for the Company had brought noe such goodé to y° Com-
panies Accompt: yett to satisfie Captaine Bailies Demaund¢ in the
Peticoners behalf they haue desired the gen9all Comittee, togeather
w™ y° Auditors, to meete & examine Captaine Tuckers Accompt or
any other accompt or writing that can be produced to make it appeare
whither y°® said good€ were imployed for the Colonies vse or not
rather appropriated (as is supposed) to some mans private benifitt
only.

And whereas it was likewise further moued by Captaine Baily that
Mathew Summers might be considered for the Ambergrese found longe
since in the Sumer Iland¢ by certaine psons transpo'ted thither by S*
George Suiiers & there lefte for discou%y of those lands: Hee was
answered that neither this Courte nor Company had to doe w™ it, but
he ought to haue complayned to y® Sumer Hands Company: vnto
whome it was also well knowne that S' George Suffers himself was
then sett out at their chardge though hapily he might haue some
adventure w™ them in that voyadge.

The Quarter Court of the 19 of Nouember last was read & in reguard
itt was approued by the former Courte to be rightly sett downe, it was
not nowe put §to§ the question.

FEBRUARY 4, 1624 515

The Quietus est appointed by the last Court to be drawne vpp for m’
Deputie against this day for the seale. As also the graunte of 20
shares of land w™ that Courte had giuen him as a testimonie of their
good approbaGon of his service & in a thankfull acknowledgemt of
his extraordinary well deservinge of the Company & Plantaéon, were
nowe both presented in Courte & reade. And beinge approued w™out
any mann? of excepéon taken vnto them: It pleased y® right ho™ the
Lorde Pagett at the entreaty of the Courte to putt them both to ques-
tion & so passe by a gen%all erec@on of hands noe one dissentinge
w™ order for the sealing of them, ||The copies of both w™ do here
ensue.|| [370]

The’ Treasuror and Company of Aduenturers and Planters of the Cittie of
London for y° first Colony in Virginia To all to whome these presents shall
com Greetinge.

Wheras Nicholas fferrar of London gent now Deputy of the said Company
hath by one booke of Accompts of his Office of Deputiship extendinge from
the two & twentieth day of May 1622: till the 12" day of May—1628 and ||by|
one other Accompt from the twelfe day of May 1623 vntill the eighteenth day
of Nouember last, exhibited vnto the Courts of the said Treasuro" and Com-
pany a true and pfect Accompt of all monneys by him received for the vse of
the said Company duringe the time of his Office aforesaid. In w Accompt€
hee hath allso pticularly declared how the said Monneys haue been Disbursed
and expended for the vse of the said Company by lawfull warrants with the
Receipts endorsed or subscribed vnder the said warrants or in Bookes for that
purpose: W* Accompts accordinge to the orders of the Company, haue been
Duely examyned Audited and approved by the Audito™ and Coftittees of the
said Company as appeareth vnder their hands, and afterward the said Booke
of Accomp™ haue layen openly on the Table in the Court€ of the said Treas-
uro’ & Company duringe the times in the said Companies Orders appoynted,
and noe excepéon hath been taken vnto them. The said Treasuro™ and Com-
pany therfore accordinge to their Orders in that case established att the
instance and desire of the said Nicholas fferrar, haue for them and their Suc-
cesso™ acquitted and discharged, and by these presents doe forever acquitt &
discharge the said Nicholas fferrar his heirs executo™ and Administrato™ of
and from all and everie the said Monneys by him Receaved, And of and from
all further Accompt by him to be rendred for the same, and of and from all
Actions Suites, and Demaund¢, for or by reason of the monneys or Accompte
aforesaid: In Witness wherof the saide Treasuro™ and Company haue herto

1The handwriting returna to that of Thomas Collett at this point.

516 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

caused their Legall Seale to be affixed Given in a great and generall Quarter
Court of the said Treasuror and Company held the fourth day of flebruary
1623. And in the years of the raigne of our Soueraigne Lord Iames by the
grace of God king of England, Scotland, ffraunce and Ireland Defender of the
fayth C* (vizt) of England. ffraunce and Ireland the one and twentieth and of
Scotland the Seven and ffiftieth.

This Indenture made the fowerth day of flebruary 1623 and in the years of the
raigne of our Soveraigne Lord Iames by the grace of God kinge of England,
Scotland, ffrance and Ireland defendour of the fayth C* the one ef and Twen-
tieth and of Scotland the Seaven and fiftieth. Between the Treasuro™ and
Company of Aduenturers & Planters of the Cittie of London for the first
Colony in Virginia of the one partie and Nicholas fierraref * * * * * *
Witnesseth that wheras the said Nicholas fferrar aswell in his place of Deputy
as likewise in y° many imployments hee hath vndergone for the service of vs
the said Company in all part€ of the buisiness incident for the prosperinge and
vpholdinge of the Plantaton of Virginia, and hath psecuted our said service
w™ such continuall fayth and industry, as if his educaton expence of his time
and good pt of his Estate had been ordayned ther vnto, as by the ample testi-
mony of his carryage and by his laborious sustentaton of exceedinge care and
paynes through the many troubles w™ haue befallen the Company in the time
of his employment hath appeared to the generall sattisfacton of the Company
and apparant high desert of the said Nicholas fferrar. Know yee y‘ wee the
said Tfer and Company haueinge ordered to give him y° greatest guifte of
Lands, that by the Lawes and constituéons of vs the said Company may be
allowed in such cases of our iust acknowledgment and thankfullnes vnto him;
Doe by these plsents give and graunt to the said Nicholas fferrar his [371] his
heirs and assignes for ever Twenty Shares of Land Old Adventure in Virginia
to be taken in such place (noe others right beinge #leui preiudiced) and at such
time as hee or they shall thinke fitt: To be held by him and them with all those
pryveledges freedomes and immunities w™ belonge to Shares of Old Adven-
ture for w™ Twelue pound€ tenn shillings hath been paid: And forasmuch as
all the Accompts of Receipts and Disbursment€, due and by him to be given
in accordinge to the seuerall waies of his said imploym“ haue been soe iust
and pfect as noe man could be supposed to haue or make any iust excepéon ther-
vnto. Wee haue likewise ordered hee shall haue his Quietus est acknowledg-
inge him the said Nicholas fferrar worthy of much more regaurd then at this
present the estate of the said Company is well able to afford: In Witness and
Confirmacton wherof the said Treasuro’ and Company to the one part of this
Indenture haue sett their Legall and Common Seall And to the other part therof
the said Nicholas fferrar hath sett his hand & Seale. Giuen ina great and
generall Quarter Court of y® said Treasuro” and Company the day and year
first aboue written.

FEBRUARY 4, 1624 os 517

There was allso presented a Graunt of 800: Acres to m‘ Maurice
Berkley form9ly given to him and m’ Iohn Berkley his ffather (since
Deceassed) in reward of their service vppon the Iron Workes in Vir-
ginia, w" Graunt beinge drawne vpp by the apoyntment of the last
Court was now read approved and ordered to be sealled being as
followeth. [372]

Wheras there was a Coffiittee appoynted the 14" of Ianuary last to
ioyne & Conferr with a Summer Island¢ Comittee about settlinge
some course for better ventinge of Tobacc’ of both the Plantaéons;
Itt was now thought fitt and ordered that seeings the Somer Lande
Company had neglected all this while to giue them a meetinge,
although itt peeeded meerlie att first from their moéon & request (as
by the said Court appears) that the said Virginia Comittee for Tobacc®
and their authoritie should now cease and determine.

fforasmuch as itt was informed by m' Deputy that the Grand Coffiittee
had not as yett thought on any course for movinge his Ma": Comis-
sioners to make some Report to the Lords of the Counsell, what they
haue done in the seuerall buisinesses brought before them by the
Company of Virginia & their Opposers wherby the iustnes and fayre-
ness of the Companies proceedings might be manyfested to all the
world. The said Comittee were intreated by this Coorte to meete
about itt on ffryday next in the afternoone at m* Deputies house.
And they are likewise entreated to take care that the Comissioners be
further moved to require S‘ Thomas Smith either to shew a sufficient
answere why hee is not to pay the 800": charged vppon the first two
heads of excepéon against his Accompts or otherwise be caused to pay
in the said monneys to the Company beinge now in great want therof.

M’ Waterhouse Petiéon and request for some Consideraéons of his
paines and time spent in the Companies service for two years and a
halfe past was referred to the Audito” and Committees to deliver their
opyneons what they shall thinke fitt to be done therein.

The seueral] Shares propounded at the Last Court, were now put to
y° question and ratefyed and thervppon the pties were admitted to
sett in Court.

1A space was left for the insertion of this grant.

518 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

A CouRT HELD FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDNESDAY IN Y" AFTERNOONE
THE 21™ or APRILL—1624.

|| PRESENT||

S' Iohn Dauers.

S* Lawrence Hide.
S* Iohn Treauor.
m’ Garrett.

m’ Rawleigh.

Earle of Southampton.
Lord Cauendish.

Lord Pagett.

S' Edwin Sandis.

m’* Deputy

m’ Nicho: Hide.
m’ White.

m’ John fferrar.
m’ Blande.

m’ Scott.

m’ Pallavicine.
m* Hobbes.

m1" Casewell.
m'‘ Sheppard.
m’ Trueloue.

m’ Copeland.
m’ Sharrowe.
m’ Balmeforde.
rit Webb.

m’ Roberte.
m’ Swinhowe.
m’ Baynham.
m’ Rider.

m‘ ffelgate.
m’ Bennett.
m’ Morris.

m’ Hackett.
m’ Buckrdge.
m’ Seldon.
m™ Widdowes.
m’ Swaine.
m’ ffreake.
m’ Cuffe.

m* Etheridge.
in" Jefferson.
m’ Perry.

m’‘ Capps.

m* Widdowes.
m”* Purchas.
wm’ Collins.

m1‘ Biddolph.
wn’ Nichole.
m’ Lee.

m* Waterhouse.
m‘ Newporte.
m’ Hurd.

m’ Bearblock.
m’ Meuerell.

W" divers others to y® number of about

90 psons. [373]

APRIL 01, 1004 - °° 519

M’ Deputy acquainted the Court hee had received by the George lately
returned from Virginia a Packett of fers: enclosed in a Box, w™ beinge
dyrected to the Earle of Southampton Treasuro’ hee sent to his Lo?:
w his Lo’: haveinge pvsed had returned back vnto him: Since w™
time noe Courts had been kept in regaurd of this buissie time of Par- -
lyament, and for that little or noe occasion till now, was offered of
callinge a Court. Whervppo y° generall letter from the Gouerno’ and
Counsell of Virginia vnto the Company here was read: bearinge date
at Iames Citty the 29: of Ianuary—1623.'

Next was read a letter from S* ffrauncis Wyat the present Gouerno’
of Virginia dated att Iames Citty the Second of ffebruary 1623 breiflie
relatinge the manner of proceedinge against the Saluages in divers
places and by what Commaunders the service was pformed; And
hopeth that in the generall Assembly now ealled in Virginia some
good order wilbe taken to maynteyne an Army for securinge of the
wholl Collony.

M’ Deputy signified of certaine other paps that came inclosed in y’
aforesaid Box w™ were read wherof one conteyninge certaine exami-
nacons touchinge a differrence betweene m* Pooley and m™ Jourdan
referred vnto the Company here for answere, beinge read the Court
entreated m* Purchas to conferr with some Civilians and advise what
answere was fitt to be returned in such a case.

This Done m’ Deputy signified that the cheife occasion of callinge this
Court was to acquainte them with a Petiéon exhibited vnto the Kinge
by certaine Planters lately com from Virginia, w™ his Ma“: haveinge
referred to the Lo: Treasuro’ and m* Chauncello* of the Exchequor
itt was now com with their Refferrence vnto the Company for
answere vnto as much therof as Concerned the Company The Coppie
of w™ Petigon doth heere ensue.
To the Kings most Excellent Ma“: The humble Petiton of Iohn Boyse,
Richard Brewster, Henry Wentworth, Willit Perry, William Best and
others the poore Planters in Virginia
Most humbly shewinge.
That where yo™ Ma"° for the advancement of y° Plantaton in Virginia, &
encourragment of Aduenturers thither was heretofore most graciously pleased

1 This letter is cited in List of Records, No. 620, Vol. I, page 188, ante. This series of letters may
be in No. 627, on the same page.

520

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

to pryveledge y° said Aduenturers from payinge any Custome, or Impost
vppon their Tobacc® Ct vntill the said Plantaton by Peace became somwhat
settled and enabled to returne such duties to yo’ Ma”: aswell in gratefull
acknowledgment of yo" Ma“**: said favour as in regard of y* many great ayds
and supplies they received from many Collections & Contribugons flowinge
from yo" Ma: like gracious disposi¢on towards the good of the said Plantaton.

Butt now soe itt is that aswell y° generall State of y* Plantazon, as the pticuler
of every Planter beinge fallen into a farr worse and poorer estate then they
were in former times when yo" Ma“° spared to demaund those duties. And
yo” Petitoners ptakinge in the generall Calamitie of famine and scarsitie, sick-
nes, mortallitie and bloody Massacre w™ hath befallen the said Collony, haue
pticulerly been more neerly pressed then ever, not onely with the now vrginge
and Continual] assault€ and surprizes of the incensed enemie wherby they are
inforced by one halfe of their men to secure and gaurd the §labour of y°§ other,
butt allsoe by the many Impositons and Levies laide and made vppon them
towards the support of the Company from whence heretofore they were wont
to receive releife. By w occasions beinge impoverished if they shalbe com-
pelled to pay yo" Ma“: Impositon vppon Tobacc® (made cheap by the great
glutt of that Comoditie from Spaine and other part¢) beinge 6* p pound, and
the Custome 3° p pound (the Customers haueinge abated 3°) this 9° w™ other
incident charges will make the cleered proffitt soe little that out of that (though
yo" Peticon™: sole help) itt wilbe impossible for them to raise such supplies of
provision as must necessarily be returned thither, much less shall they be any
wayes enabled to send such more Company of men and servant€ as they doe
otherwise intend for and towards the advancement of the said Plantaéon. [374]

The Petitoners most humbly therfore pray

That yo" Ma“° out of yo" Princely Compassion to the many endurances of yo"
Peticoners (many of them haueinge been the ruynes of the late Massacre) and
most gracious affecton to the good of that Plantaéon for releife of yo" Petiton-
ers and encourragment of them to continue and others to becom Adventurers
in the same, Graciously consideringe the premisses and that as greate or greater
causes returne for contynuinge of yo" Ma" former favour to them, will ther-
fore be graciously pleased.
To abate for the present yo’ Ma“: Impost of 6" p pound vppon the
Tobacc® now brought in by the said Planters wherby they intend not to
preiudice yo" Ma for the future butt onely to releive and able them-
selvs for the present to returne and settle in their Plantatons, And by
yo" Ma“: most gracious takinge yo" said Planters into yo" Royall mercie
and Protecton to free them for y* future from the greivous Imposiéons
of the said Company wherby they shalbe better enabled herafter to
render more cheerfully yo" Ma“: said Duties: And yo" petitoners Cr.

APREL 01, 0p = 2%: 521

Att the Court att Theobalds 8" Aprill 1624:
His Ma** beinge verie Compassionate of the miseries and povertie of the
Planters (and willinge they should haue releife) is graciously pleased to referr
the Consideracon therof to the right Hono’*: the Lord Treasuro” and M*
Chancello” of the Exchequor y* some good order beinge established amongst
them they be not soe much opprest by the Company as is alleadged and that -
they haue such releife concerneinge y°® Impost as they in their wisedomes
(weighinge the Petitoners necessities) shall finde most Convenyent. wethinge
Edward Powell.

Whithall the 14" of Aprill 1624:

The matters of this Petiton doe ptlie concerne the Kings Ma“ and ptlie the
Virginia Comp”: therfore lett this Petiton be delivered to the Gouernor that
hee and the Company may consider therof and returne their answere in
writinge -_ soe te tot as concernes them
ie nes-them, and wee shall thervppon consider
enn further —_a = the Ma": Commaundement and good pleasure
within signified.
Middlesex.
Rich: Weston.

Mr Deputie acquainted the Court that vppon the first Deliverie of this
Petiéon to him on ffryday sennight by some of the Planters, hee
desyred them that they would sett downe in writinge those greivances
and oppressions w™ they men@oned in generall that soe they might
haue a ready and full answere Whervppon they pmised to doe itt,
butt the next morninge they came to him and tolde him they had
thought vppon the matter and would not deliver the pticulars of their
greivances and oppressions butt before the Lo: Treasuro’ to w™ m‘
Deputy made answere that hee would acquainte my Lord and the
Counsell therwith, and if itt caused any delay in their buisiness it was
their owne fault, yett afterwards they brought him a certaine writinge
(Article wise) conteyninge divers matters butt without any hand vnto
itt although in the end they say wee who haue vnderwritt itt will
maynteyne itt on our oaths, whervppon hee desyred them to sett their
hands to the said writinge that itt was their Complainte: w™ they
promised to doe butt afterwards they sent him word, they would not
sett their hands to itt: Whervppon the Company not conceivinge itt
fitt that a writinge of such a nature should be openly read without a

522 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

certaine Autho’ to avowe itt, desyred m* Deputy and some other of
the Counsell to pvse itt, and deliver their opynions whether itt were
fitt to be read: W™ beinge done y® Counsells opynion was that itt
ought not to be read for that itt conteyned Cryminall charges of a verie
high Nature and some of them Capitall against the Gouerno’ and
Counsell in Virginia; Soe as some very worthy Lawyers affirmed that
the psons that had presented itt except they would maynteyne it had
incurred the penalty of Lybellers. The Counsell further delivered that
of all the Articles (beinge Nyne) there was onely one that gaue any
charge to y° Company [375] here at home all the rest being dyrected
solely against the Gouerno’ and Counsell in Virginia wheras their
petigéon to his Ma“: was penned against the Companies greivous
oppressions, wherof beinge desyred to deliver the pticulers they had
onelie instanced one: By w™ manner of proceedinge the Court con-
ceived this to be a malicious practize of some of their enemies to
Defame and disgrace them with his Royall Ma”: and although some
would haue gone about to excuse itt through simplycetie of the
Planters that did not soe exactly distinguish y° Gou9ment here and
there, butt phaps thought that because the Company hath the Com-
maund and authoritie of the Gouerno’ there, that therfore the default
by them in Virginia might be imputed to the Company here: This
excuse gaue noe manner of sattisfacéon att all; for itt was answered
that the Company here was not any way guilty of their misgover-
ment, except vppon knowledge therof they had neglected or denyed
to reforme itt, butt these things were never complayned of.

Butt because itt was reported that there was one of these Articles
that touched the Company the Court desyred itt might be read being
y° 8 in number as followeth.

8: Eightly Wheras vppon Complainte made to his Ma‘*: of the miserable
estate and Condiéon of the Planters in Virginia for want of Corne the last
year: It then pleased his Ma‘: in Comiseration of their distressed estate to
cause the Company of Virginia to send ouer prouision of Meale for their
releife, the saide Company to receaue of them in Virginia for the saide Meale
the monny they laide out for the same togeather with the charge of transpor-
taton wout any further gaine. Notwithstandinge the saide Order, when the
said Prouision came into Virginia in a Ship called the Hopewell the Cape

APRIL 21, 16% a 523

Marchant m™ Harte appoynted thervnto by the saide Company sould the said
Meale Vuto y° saide ffreemen in Virginia at excessive and vnreasonable rates
as Seauenty, or eighty Pounds waight of Tobacco a Hogsheade.

M' Casewell herevppon (beinge appoynted heretofore by the Aduen-
turers to buy the Meale) declared that at the time the said Meale was-
bought it cost 9° p bushell, w” with Custome petty charges, and
freight made itt 13° p bushell Soe that a Hogshead Conteyninge 9
bushells came to 5: 17: 00 w™ beinge sould for 80 weight of Tobacc°®
valued now here in London by the Customers themselvs att 18° p
pound one with another as by the Customers Certificate vnto the Lord
Treasuro’ appears: after the Deduction of the Charge of Custome
Impost and freight with allowance of shrinkadge there will scarce
remayne vj‘ cleare vppon each pound to the owner: But though itt
should be solde to cleer j* w™ was more then any man could hope the
80 pound waight would com to butt 4": wheras itt cost 5": 17°.00* Soe
that a Third of the principall would be lost besides the time and
Adventure. Butt m‘* Casewell himselfe and divers other principall
Adventurers in y* Magazine did openly make offer to sell their whole
Adventures for halfe y° principall if any man would buy it.

The vniustnes and absurditie of this Complainte of y°® Planters did
much greive the Company, that where they deserved thank¢ for their
Charitie they should be Complayned of for Oppressors, and the falsi-
tie of itt did make them suspect that those against the Gouerno’ and
Counsell in Virginia were of noe greater trueth for what would they
feare to say of them beinge absent and not able to answere for them-
selvs, when they durst complaine of the Company to the Lo: Treas-
uro’ of a thinge soe evydently false: Besides those planters present
in Court togeather with all others giveinge ample testimoney of y°
worthie proceedings of 8’ ffraunces Wyat whome in their Consciencies
they pfessed to esteeme a most iust and sincere gentleman, and free
from all manner [376] of Corruption or pryvate ends: itt was
dyrectly Contradictory that hee should be guilty of such oppressions
or misdemeano™. Whervppon the Court demaundinge againe of some
of the Planters who had brought these greivances beinge then in
Court, whether they would avowe and maynteyne them, and itt

524 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

beinge denyed by them and namely by one Perie who likewise further
confessed that although the last clause was in these words.

Lastly the greiuances aboue mentioned, and other abuses offered to particular
Planters by the Gouernors & Counsell in Virginia, hath caused the Parties
whose names are subscribed to these greiuances (and an infinite number of
others soe resolued) to quit Virginia and betake themselues to a more pryuate
life, w™ wilbe a means to ouerthrowe the Planta@on there, & abate the bene-
fitt of his Ma‘: Customs here: All w™ greiuances wee or some of Vs can
iustifie vppon oath, and haue likewise been desired by our frends in Virginia
to prefeer these greiuances to his Royall. Ma‘,

Yett they had noe Comission noe authoritie from the Planters in Vir-
ginia to Complaine, butt the Petigon and greiuances were framed here
at home In these regaurds the Company thought to pass itt ouer in
favour of the Planters who they pceeived had been abused and drawne
to this Course by some others.

Butt for the Petiéon ittselfe to his Ma”: the Court thought fitt that
sume Answere should $be§ returned to the Lo: Treasuro’ and m‘
Chauncello’: Whervppé entringe into an examinaéon of the parts
therof: They enquyred of the said Perry and others, what ImposiGons
they had ever paid to the supporte of the Company, wherof they were
not able to alleadge one. Next the said Perry and others beinge
Demaunded touchinge the Clause of their Peti@on in these words:

Haue perticularly been more neerly pressed then euer, not onely with the now
vrginge, and Continual! assault€ and surprises of the incensed enimie, whereby
they are inforced by one halfe of their men, to secure and guard the Labours
of the other, butt allsoe by the many Imposiéons and Leuies laid ||and made]
vppon them towards the support of the Company from whence heretofore
they were wont to receive releife.

M’ Iohn fferrar informed the Court that Richard Brewster one of the
Petiéoners had told him that this last yeare, w” noe more then three
men and himselfe hee had made 2800 waight of Tobacco §besides§$
:100: bushells of Corne. Butt m’ William Capps openly delivered on
the fayth of an honest man that with Three boyes onely, w™ hee said
were not a man and a halfe hee had made Three Thousand weight of

APRIL 21, 1624 525

Tobace® and had sould 50 barrells of Corne heaped measure to Cap':
Whittakers and kept besides that 60: barrells fo" his owne store, and
all this hee had pformed by the labour of those three boyesonely him-
selfe haveing never done (as hee termed itt) one stroake of worke:
Vppo w™ Reports and divers other the like, the Company conceived
that insinuagon of soe much daunger and disquyett from y° Salvadges
was extended farr beyound trueth.

Next they tooke into their Consideraéon an other clause in the said
Peticon in these words.

But now for it is that as well the generall state of the Plantaton as the per-
ticular of euery Planter beinge fallen into a farr worse and poorer estate
than they were in former times, when yo" Ma“ spared to demaund those
duties: [377]

W™ the Courte Conceived to be one of the most vntrue and iniurious
suggestions in all poynt€ that could be devysed, the Collony notwith-
standinge all these Calamities of late in number of people multitude
of houses and Plantations aboundance of Cattle and provisions, tenn
times exceedinge the generall estate of those former times w™ they
spake of, and aboue five times better, then itt was lefte by S' Thomas
Smith, and St Samuell Argall, and for the estate of pticuler Planters
itt was by many pticulars instanced, that divers pryvate Planters had
this yeare for themselvs brought home more goods and to a greater
value then the wholl Collony and Plantaéon did then returne.

M’* Deputy moved y* for as much as 8S’ ffrauncis Wyat¢€ Comission of
beinge Gouernor of Virginia would shortly expire, and that hee was
willinge as appeared by his owne letter to resigne that place to some
more able man. The Company would therfore please to bethinke
themselvs against the next Quarter Court, either of Contynuinge the
present Gouerno’, or of choosinge a new to succeed in his place.
Touchinge w™ the Court conceived they had time ennough to resolve
between this and the Quarter Court.

This present Court by a generall erec@on of hands is ordered to con-
tinue after 6: of the Clocke duringe pleasure.

526 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M’ Deputy acquainted the Court that the Counsell of Virginia vppon
y° Companies earnest and importunate sollycitatéons had drawne vpp
a Petiton to be presented to the Parlyament, w™ beinge read was as
followeth.

To the Hono” house of Coffions assembled in Parlyament
The humble Petiton of the Treasuro’, Counsell & Company of Virginia.

Shewinge: That after divers Discoveries had confirmed an opyneon, that y*
Country (now Virginia) was scituate in a temperate wholsome Clymate, and
that the Soyle was exceedinge fertell, the Parts watred with fruitfull, and
Nauigable Riuers, wherby our men and Shippinge through a fair Sea might
haue a Comfortable fallinge on a saffe Choast; It pleased God to affect the
myndes of many worthily disposed Noblemen and Gentlemen and others to
vnderstand itt a matter of great Religion and honour to endeavour the propa-
gatinge of Christianytie amongst those Barbarous People and gaine such a
hopefull additon of Dominion to his Ma“*: most deservinge the highest honour
of such an Enterprize: who beinge informed therof and apprehendinge the
great honour and Comoditie might arrise to this State, by pfectinge a Christian
Plantacon in those partes. Itt pleased his Ma“*: by his most gracious Letters
Patents of Incorporation (from tyme to time renued & enlarged) to conferr as
ample pryviledges and immunities both for their Assistance, who should becom
Directors, or Gouerno”™ in the buissines, and for their comforte, who should
be willinge to settle and inhabite in Virginia as could then be foreseen or
desyred: w™ gaue so generall an encourragement, that Noblemen, Knights,
Gentlemen Cittizens and others in great numbers, originally named in the
seuerall Letters Patents became Aduenturors, who besides their monneys gaue
many folde helpes with Industry to advance the pfecton of this glorious worke.
And notw“standinge a multitude of Accident€ and disasters incydent to a new
Plantacon in a remote and Sauadge Country: It pleased God to refresh their
hopes by such an vndoubted probabillitie of attayninge (at least for the pub-
lique of their Country and Posteritie) a most beneficall Retribucon for all their
expence and paynes, as in the end might Crowne their endeavo™ with as much
Glorie, Honour, & Proffitt to this Kingdome as could be wished or expected
haueinge in their Contemplaéon the ground¢ followinge. [378]

1. The Conversion of Saluages to Christianytie and establishinge the first
Plantazon of the reformed Religion.

2 The removeinge of the Surcharge of necessitous people, the matter or
fewell of daungerous insurrections, and therby leavinge the greater plentie to
susteyne those remayninge within this Land.

A Clh ere’ 527

8 The lardgnes of Territory knowne greate, may prove much greater, the
fertilitie of the Soyle and temperature of the Clyme chearishinge our people
and produceinge by nature and industrie, what soever vsefull Cofiodities are
found in any knowne Country.

4 The beneficiall ffishings discouered w™ togeather w™ the continual enter-
cou’se betweene People of one and the same Nation is an exceedinge encrease
of Nauigaéon.

5 The multitudes and quantities of materiall¢ for the buildinge & settinge
forth of Shippinge beinge there in pfecton especially excellent Timber wherof
great scarcitie is found throughout Christendome.

6 The assurance of many rich Trades that by a Plantaton setled in those pts
might be found out and dryven to the incredible benefitt of this Kingdome,
besides noe small hopes of an easy and short passadge to the South Sea, either
by Land or Sea.

7 An inestimable advantadge, that would be gayned to this state of England
in case of Warr both for the easie assaultinge of the Spanyards West Indies,
from those parts, and for the relievinge and succouringe of all Shipps and
men of Warr that should goe on Reprysalls, there beinge none of those
daungers or discoffiodities whatsoever that in former times ouerthrew soe
many Voyadges butt wilbe by the Plantaéons of Virginia and Summer Islands
supplyed and prevented; Soe that our benefitt and the enemies harme and loss
wilbe certaine.

Butt soe itt is that now when the naturall difficulties incydent to all new Plan-
taZons are by tract of time and good dilligence, & especially by the blessinge
of Almighty God in great part overcom: Yett on the other side the vnnaturall
and faultie impedyment¢€ arysinge by ffaction and discord, runinge courses and
practizes of some tendinge wholly to pryvate proffitt, misimployment of the
Stocke, false Accompt€ and the like diversions from the faire hopes in the
Action are soe encreased and vpheld by strong hand as doth threaten speedy
ruyne and destrucéon to this excellent worke of God and his Ma”: if remedies
be not timely applyed.

Wee therfore the Counsell and Company (not a little differinge from other
Companies both in our Composiéon consistinge of principall Noblemen, Gentle-
men, merchants and others, and in the ends for w™ it is established beinge not
simply matter of Trade, butt of a higher Nature, yett findinge nevertheless
our selvs in our body as itt is now distempered vnable to be our owne Phisiéans
without higher Assistance) doe thinke our selvs tyed in Conscience, Duty &

reputaton and for the deliverance of our owne soules, and for dischardg of

528 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

the trust reposed in vs to represent to this present Parlyament, this Childe of
the Kingdome exposed as in the Wilderness to extreame daunger and as itt
were fayntinge and labouringe for life.

Humbly entreatinge this Hono”® house to take into yo™ Comisseragon this
Distressed Collony and oppressed Company and to be pleased to receive from
such of his Ma“** Councell for Virginia (beinge members of yo’ Hono”” house)
as haue been appoynted by vs the Company a full relaton of those oppressions
and greivances w™ though in sundry kindes (haue as they doubt not to make
evydent) had either their originall [379] or strength from the now Lord
Treasuro’ out of his pryvate and most vniust ends, not onely to allmost the
vtter ouerthrow of this noble worke butt allsoe to the Deceipt of his Ma”: in
his proffitt and to the great preiudice of the wholl kingdome in matter of Trade,
and daungerous consequence to the liberty of their psons. And thervppon
accordinge to yo" most graue wisedomes to devise some remedy for removeing
of the impediment, repressinge of the abuses encourradginge Adventurers
and fynally for the establishment of the Collony.

W" beinge twice read after some pause the Company were desyred to
speake freely to itt, and declare their opyneons whether they did
approve therof as itt was, or would haue itt amended in any parte, or
any thinge added therevnto: Whervppon allthough some tooke excep-
éons to some pticulers therin, yett after great ||exact|| Debate and
Consideraéon it was agreed and concluded by a generall erection of
hands (onely one dissenting) that the Petiton should stand as itt was
drawen. And the Court entreated m‘’ Deputy and those other of the
Counsell that are allsoe members of the Hono’® House of Parlyament
would please in the Companies name to plsent the said Peti@on to the
house of Commons and to prosecute the matters therin conteyned with
all expediéon.’

1The letter of the King to the Speaker of the House of Commons on this petition is mentioned
in List of Records, No. 665, Vol. I, page 193, ante.

APRIL 2%, 1624

A PREPARATIVE COURTE HELDE FOR VIRGINIA ON MUNDAY
IN THE AFTERNOONE Y*: 26: or APRILI—1624.

S* Iohn Dauers.

S' Roger Twisden.

m’ Deputie.

m* Iohn fferrar.
m* Shepparde.
m’ Bland.

PRESENT

m’* Ryder.

m* Newporte.
m'’ Boothbie.
m’ Sheldone.
m’ Barbor.
m* Casewell.

m’ Norwood.

m* Sparrowe.
m’ Cranmer.

m’ Huddlestone.
m’ Taylor.

mm‘ Perrie.

m’ Cuffe.
m' Woodall.

m’ Palivicine.
m’* Copelande.
m’ Bearblock.

Marma: Reynor.
m‘ Georg Smith.

m’ ffothergall.
m* Andrews.
mm" Pennistone.
m’ Mole.

m* Ayres.

m’ Stone. w™
Divers others.

Wheras Vrsula ffrench Petigoned the Company for the freedome of
one Elias Longe her Apprentize in regaurd hee had served out 4 years
of his time and was noe waies able (as shee was informed) to pay her
out of his wages that Proporéon of Tobacco towards her mayntenance
as was formerly ordered, nor likely duringe his service to give her any
releife: The Court in Consideraéon of her povertie orders her case
should be recommended to the Gouerno’ and Counsell of Virginia soe
as some means might be found to give her releife speedilie.

The Court vppoit Moéon ordered a Comission to be drawen vpp for
Marmaduke Reyner for his Shipp the Sampson of about 100: Tunn
for transport of good@ and Passengers to Virginia.

16456—voL 2—06——34

530 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M’ Deputy acquainted the Court that Wheras m’ Iames Bagg of
Plymouth had 5 shares given him by a Quarter Court the 25" of Ivne—
1620 as a gratificaéon for that good service hee had done for the Com-
pany as appeares [380] in that Court: hee desyred hee might haue
the said Shares confirmed vnto him vnder the Companies Seale. W™
request the Court held very reasonable and ordered a draught therof
to be made against the Quarter Corte as had been §for§ others in the
like kinde.

M’ Deputy moved that wheras S' ffraunces Wyate Comission of Gouer-
no'pp of Virginia expired verie shortly, and that himselfe as appeared
by his owne letter was willinge to resigne his place to some more wor-
thie person The Company would therfore take a bethinkinge against
the next Quarter Court for proposinge some other fitt man to sueceed
him: Whervppon divers of the Company declared their opynions
that seeings S' ffrauncis Wyatt had carryed himselfe soe worthylie in
the place of Gouerno’ as appeared by the Report of the Planters
themselves now present in Court much commendinge him for his Ius-
tice and squanimitie toward¢ all men. And consideringe allso how
much the Company are in his Debt and noe means lefte to make good
their promise vnto him, much lesse able to furnish out a new Gou-
erno’, they could not therfore doe better then continue him still;
whervppon the Court generally agreed to recoffiend itt to the further
Consideraéon of the Quarter Court.

M’ Deputy signified that beinge desired by the former Court to plsent
the Companys Petiéon to the Lower house of Parlyament, hee had
this morninge (for before hee could not) preferred itt. Wherat
there was at first some opposiéon made; but the house was pleased
notw"standing to entertaine itt verie acceptably, and haue appoynted
a select Comittee to hear itt, who are to meet in the Starr Chamber
vppon the next Wednesday in the afternoone, wher all of the Com-
pany that are members of the Parlyament are admitted freely to com
and heare butt not to haue voyce.

And now for soe much as this meetinge fell out vppon the Quarter
Court day in the afternoone wher the Lord Cavendish himselfe and

APRIL 26, 1624 . 531

divers others of the Company were there to give their attendance
vppon the said Cofiittee. And for that allsoe the Earle of Southamp-
td their Treasuror was himselfe out of Towne, they were of neces-
sitie to alter and transferr the vsuall time of keepinge their Court
that day, from the afternoone to the forenoone Whervppon the Let-
ters Patents beinge pvsed itt playnly appeared itt was free for them ©
soe to doe, and although by their owne Lawe they had appoynted
their Courte to begin at two in the afternoone yett vppon soe greate
and vnavoydable necessitie as now fell out itt was conceived the Com -
pany had power to dispence w™ that Law. [381]

And itt was further offered to the Consideraéon of the Court that
wheras the Earle of Southampton had been Treasuror now allmost 4
years, itt was against the Lawe of the Company to choose him againe,
and yett the necessitie and occasion of the Company were such as noe
other fitt choyse could be made; Whervppon y* Court thought fitt to
be humble suters to his Lo”: that out of that extraordinary Noble
Zeale w™ hee had with soe much trouble and paynes Demonstrated,
hee would be pleased be—-pleased once againe to accept of the place
of Treasuro’ and for removeinge the Obstacle that was by the Com-
panies Lawe, itt was thought fitt to suspend the force of that Lawe
for this time; Whervppon y°® Courte beinge acquainted that for the
abrogatinge or suspension of a Lawe itt was to be done by the same
stepps and ||degrees|| as itt was made, did first appoynt a Comittee to
advise about the suspenéon of those Lawes for the present, for w™
purpose these were nominated. (vizt)

m Iohn fferrar ~ m™ Cranmer
m* Whitley m’* Ryder
m’ Pallavicine - mm’ Copeland
m* Casewell mn’ Cuffe

m’ Barbor

who withdrawinge themselvs out of the Court and haueinge deliberated
theron came and declared their opynions to those of the Counsell that
were present who concurringe with them, and afterward the Court
likewise, Itt was generally conceived very necessary and expedient

532 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

(rebus sic stantibus) that those Lawes for begininge Courte att .2. of
the Clock in the afternoone and for lymittinge the Treasuror but for
3 years att once should be suspended for the present.

S' Thomas Hamon brought to the Court one Sydrac Soan, and Martha
his sister who made claime vnto 3 shares due vuto their Brother loseph
Soan deceased by a bill of Aduenture of 37": 10: 00 paid vnto S'
Thomas Smith w™ they say Ioseph Soane did devize by his will vnto
one Ganesford Soane and the ||s*|| Sydrack and Martha: w™ Gainsford
they certefie to be dead: So that the right now did wholly belong to
them two. They allso presented the Coppie of the said Will w™ S'
Thomas Hamon testified to be a true Coppie, Butt the Court beinge
desyrous to see the bill of Aduenture, because there appeared butt
25" of itt acknowledged in the printed booke: Sydrack made answere
hee had pawned the said bill for 30° to m* ffotherby.

The Court at length ordered that the said Three shares should be
ioyntly passed vnto the said Sydrack and Martha as beinge ioynt and
Coheirs to y® said Inheritance.

M’ Webb haueinge testefyed to the Court that m‘ Garrett —
transported to Virginia att his owne charge his brother * * *
§ffrauncis§ Weston and three servants (vizt) William Dansey, —
Miller, and Iames Bradford, The Court ordered that hee should haue
the proporéon of 200 Acres allowed him for their psonall shares.

There was brought to the Court an Indian Boy by one William Perry
lately come ouer from Virginia, for whome a moéon was made for
some Contribuéon toward¢ his mayntenance, wherby to bring him vp
in Christianitie and some good course to live by. Whervppon itt was
thought fitt a Role be drawne for men to vnderwrite what they please
freely to contribute that way. [382]

M’ Richard Casewell made knowne to the Court that wheras Cap‘
Iohn Bernard deceased had sould to m‘’ Georg ffurzman three old
Shares of 12": 10°: 00 p share and likewise supplyed them in Martins
Hundred to the value of tenn poundspshare Itt appeared afterwards
to the Audito™ that two of the said Shares were y° Inheritance of the
heirs of mr Iohn Iames deceased, whose wife although Captaine Ber-

APRIL 28, 1624 a i 533

nard had marryed yett hee could not therby alyenate those two shares
from the aforesaid heirs: Wherfore to supply and make good againe,
the full number of Shares that Captaine Bernard had assigned vnto
the said George ffurzman m* Casewell declared that att the request of
Cap‘: Bernard¢ Executo™ hee had assigned and past ouer to the said
George ffurzman and his heirs for ever two Shares old Adventure of
12": 10° p share, And therfore desyred the Court to ratifie and confirme
vnto the said George ffurzman as well the two shares hee had assigned
and passed ouer vnto him as that other Share w™ Captaine Bernard
had sold him formerlie, and the Thirty pounde supplyed by Captaine
Bernarde as aforesaid. So the Court takinge itt into their Considera-
éon haue accordinglie ratified and confirmed the said Three shares
vnto m' George ffurzman and admitted him to be a ffreeman of the
Company: And haue allso agreed and ordered that the said three
shares shalbe the same, w™ Captaine Io: Bernard in his life time
drewe by lott in Martins Hundred as they are laid out and figured
vnder his name in the Generall Mapp of y°® said Society.

Att a QuartTeR CouRT HELDE FOR VIRGINIA ON WEDNESDAY
IN THE ffoRENOONE THE 28: or ApRILL — 1624

PRESENT
the Right Honob”

Lord Cauendish. S* Iohn Brooke.
Lo: De Lawarr. S' Iohn Treuor.
S' Edwin Sandis. S' Iohn Bourchier.
S' Iohn Dauers. S* Charles Barkley.
S’ Iohn Oagle. S* Lawrence Hide.

m’ Deputie. mn’ Ditchfeilde. m* Wentworth.
m* Nich: Hide. m* Scott. m’ Buckridge.
m’ Winkfelde. m* Wite. m* Morris.

m* John Smith. m’ Whitley. | m’* ffurzman.
mi‘ John fferrar. m’‘ Roberté. m* Meuerell.
m* Pureas. m’* Caswell. m’ Taylor.

RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

m’ Bland.

m’ Bearblock.
m’ Brooke.

m’ Hobbs.

Do’ Gulstone.
Cap’ Bargraue.
m’ Moorwood.
m' Woodall.
m’ Anth: Gates.
m‘ Newport.
m’ Barkley.

m’ Alden.

m’* Sparrow.
m’ Tucker.

m’ Keightley.
mn’ ffogg.

m* Copeland.
m' ffreake.

m’* m’ Stone.
m’ Wheate.
m’* Ayscough.
m’ Maisterson.
m’ lefferson.
m’ ffletcher.
\jm* Vyner.||
m’ Perry.

m’ Swinhowe.

m’ Berkeley.
m’ Walter.

m’* Andrews.
m’ Bagell.

m’ Boothbie.
m’ Hurd.

m’* Bennett.

m’ Russell.

m’ Waterhouse.
m’ Bonnell.

m’ Stubbs.

m’ Careles.

m’ Elias Roberte.
m’ Rogers.

m’ Sharrowe.
m’ Barkham.
m* Martin.

m’* De Lawne.
m’ Scudamore.
m’ Colthurst.
m’ Trueloue.
w" divers others.

m’ Collett.
||=a"—-Webb-||
mn’ ffellgate.
||z2"-Webb-||
m’* Webbs.
m’ Hacket.
m* Ryder.

m’™ Wiseman.
m’ Garrett Weston.
m’ Wodnoth.
m’ Norwood.
m’ Brester.
m’ Hildred.
Cap‘ Gefford.
m’ Walker.

[383]

APRIL 28, 1624 535

M’ Deputy made knowne to the Company what reasons moved the
last Court vppon Consultaéon first had by a Comittee then appoynted,
and after w y* Counsell then allso present to order and appoynt the
keepinge of the Quarter Court this day in the forenoone: w™ course
and alteraGon was well approved of by this present Court.

And in regard the Court was now accordinge to the dyrecéon of y°®
Letters Patents to proceed to elecéon of new Officers. m'’ Deputy
breifley related the reasons y* had formerly moved them to continew
their old Officers ever since the Quarter Court in May—1622. And
for their better sattisfacton read vnto them the seu%all passages in the
seuerall Quarter Court€ since touchinge that matter.

And further signified that wheras the Company had made a Lawe for
lymittinge the Treasuror and Deputy to continue in their places but
for 3 years at once the said Law had allso been taken into considera-
éon by the former Comittee Counsell and Court, who conceavinge noe
detryment could ensue to the Company by dispenceinge with that
Lawe for the present, but rather a singuler benefitt and advantadge

vnto them as things now stood, did therfore thinke fitt to suspend y°
Lawe allsoe for the present by leavinge itt free for the Company
to make choise of any former Officers although their times were
determyned.

Whervppon itt beinge taken into Consideraéon by this present Court,
after all reasons heard and debated, itt was at length agreed and
ordered by a generall erection of hands that the Lawe concerninge
the lymittinge of the Office of Treasuro' and Deputy to the terme of
3 years should be suspended and accordingly resolvinge to goe to Elec-
éon, the Earle of Southampton was generally and vnanimously nomi-
nated and beinge putt in Election with the Right Hono’ the Lord
Cauendish, the place fell to the Earle of Southampton by haueinge 69
balls, the Lord Cauendish: fiue and the Negatiue box.2. whervppon
y° Court besought the Lo: Cauendish and the rest of the Counsell
present to acquainte his Lo’: with this choyce and how humbly and
instantly the Court besought his Lo?: to accept therof.

536 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

ffor Deputy m* Alderman Iohnson and m’‘ Nicholas fferrar beinge
proposed and ballated, the place fell to m’ fferrar by haueinge 64 balls
m’ Alderman 10. and the negative box: 1. Whervppon m’ fferrar
beinge brought to his place tooke his Oath.

Proceedinge next to the choyse of the Audito”, the Court by a generall
rection of hands continued of the old, 8‘ Edwin Sandis, and S* Iohn
Dauers in respect of their sufficiencie and long experience in matters
of Accompts with promise allso (vppon their request) that they should
be no other wayes tyed herevnto then as their owne occasions would
permitt. The Court likewise contynued m'‘Iohn fferrar and m'‘ Keight-
ley, and in regard m* Gibbes and m’ Iohn Wroth had long discontinued
from cominge to Court@, there were chosen in their steed m’* Bland
and m‘ Scott.

Proceedinge next to the ehoyse
of Cofittees these five of the old
were dismissed namely

m* Bearblock. m’‘ Darnelly
m’* Bland.
m™ Wheatley m' Mellinge [384]

and in their steeds these five new were chosen (vizt)

1. m’ Roberts. 6. m’ Bull. 11. m’ Boothbie.
2. m™ Morris. — = 7. m’ Casewell. 12. m‘’ Bennett.

3. m™ Ryder. | vereadded 8- m* Georg Smith. 13. m‘ Biddolph.
4. m’ ffelgate. 9. m’ Wiseman. 14. m‘ Seaward.
5. m’ Kirbie. 10. m' Meuerell. 15. m’ Barbor.

16. m’ Covell.

were chosen by a generall

ffor Husband—m‘ W™ Webb erecéon of hands.

ffor Secretary—HEdward |
ffor Beadle—Thomas Newton

The last Court beinge made acquainted by m* Deputy w™ that notice
that S' ffrauncis Wyatt had given by his owne letter of the time of the
determinaéon of his Cofiission of Gouernorship of Virginia and of his
willinge desire to leaue that waightie burthen to some other more able
person if the Company soe pleased.

And beinge further informed allsoe by the Planters then present in
Court howe much hee was Coffiended for his Iustice and sequanimitie

APRIL 28, 1624 537

towards all men who generally professed his Noble carriage was such
as hee well deserued to be contynued in the place of Gouerno’ and to
haue a iust recompence for those great losses hee had susteyned
through want of his due number of Tenant¢ and otherwise since his
goinge over. The Company beinge thus confirmed in their good ~
opynion of him and withall consideringe they had no Stocke att all
lefte to furnish out a new Gouernor conceived they were of necessity
inforeed to continue him still, and therfore thought fitt to propound
him at this Quarter Court to stand in Elecéon for the said place.

Whervppon S" ffraunces Wyat beinge proposed by the Court, and
some earnestlie moveinge that 8S’ Samuell Argall (in regard of his worth
and desire therevnto) might stand in Elecéon with him they were
both ballated and the place fell to S‘ ffrauncis Wyat by haueinge 69
Balls, 8‘ Samuell Argall 8 and y® Negative box 2.

And itt was likewise further ordered that a tre should be writt vnto
him to pray his acceptance of the said place for 3 years longer, and

‘further to assure him that the Company would be verie carefull to

giue him a due Supply of Tenant¢ in discharge of their promise and
Covenante w™ him att his first goinge ouer.

The Court was moved that wheras in the generall narraéon that was
this afternoone to be made before the Coffittee of the lower house of
Parlyament there would fall out divers passages touchinge S’ Nathaniell
Rich who beinge a member of that house itt was not fitt to charge him
without leave first obteyned. Therfore that the Company would
please to petigon the house, that hee might be ordered to be present
at the said Comittee and here such charges as should be given him.
w™ course beinge well liked of by the Court and a petiéon to that
effect presented: itt was twise read and maturelie considered of: and
beinge approved was by a generall erec@on of hands (two onely dis-
sentinge) ordered to be presented to the house in the name of the
Company: And that if itt should com there too late, then to present
itt to the Cofiittee in the afternoone. [385]

538 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Request beinge made by some that 8‘ Nathaniell Rich might haue a
Coppie of y° said Petizon Itt was by a generall erection of hands (saue
two) denyed itt beinge the Custome of noe Court whatsoever.

The Court takinge into Consideraéon that the matters to be delivered
to the Parlyament did fall vnder fower generall heads (vizt) the
Matter of Tobacco and all the greivances therin: The buisines of the
Contract, The proceedings of the Comissioners and the passadges
since, and conceivinge that neither Counsell att Lawe could be soe
fully informed as were requisite, and phapps would not be soe well
heard, did therefore thinke fitt to beseech the Lord Cauendish S*
Edwin Sandis and 8° Iohn Dauers to take vppon them the delivery of
the three last part, (vizt) The Lord Cauendish the buissines of the
Comission, S* Edwin Sandys that of the Contract, and St Iohn Dauers
the last: And for y° matter of Tobace® they imposed itt vppon m*
Deputy. His Lo”: very Nobly vouchsaffed to promise his pformance
of their desires, and the like did the other of their parte.

The Court beinge moved that some course might be taken for the
Educaéon and bringinge vpp of the Indian boy that was lately brought
ouer from Virginia by one William Perry, did thervppon entreate m’
Copeland a Mynister to take him into his care and charge: And did
promise hee should haue allowance for his entertaynement.

The Graunt of fiue shares vnto m* lames Bagg of Plymouth beinge
ordered by the last Court to be drawen vpp was now presented and
read and beinge approved was ordered to be sealled.

M’ Casewell moved the Court that the two shares w™ hee had passed
to m' ffurzman att the last Court as likewise one other share sold him
by Capt Bernard, might be the same Three shares that Captaine
Bernard drew in his life time in Martins Hundred as they are figured
out in the generall Mapp of y‘ Societie w™ request the Court condi-
seended vnto and ratified and confirmed the said 3 shares in Martins
Hundred accordingly vnto m'‘ ffurzman.

JUNE 7, 1624

A PREPARATIUE COORTE ON MUNDAY IN THE AFTERNOONE THE 7™
oF IvnE 1624:

PRESENT
the right Hono™.

Edward Earle of Dorsett. S' Edwin Sandis.
William Lord Cauendish. m’ Rawleigh.

m’ Deputy. m* Hobbs. m* Balmford.
m’ Io: fferrar. m’ Gookin. m’* Georg Smith.
m” Neuell. m’ Widdowes. m* Baynham.
m’ Sandys. m* Webb. m* Molins.
m’ Sheppard. m’ Newport. m* Cranmer.
m‘ Bland. m’* Shelton. m’* Bull.
m’ D*: Anthony. m’* Jadwin. m’* May.
m* Palauycine. m* Hopkins. m* Collet.
Cap‘ Bargraue. m* Copeland. m* Capps.
m* Casewell.

m’ Lee.

m’ ffothergell.

m’ Norwood.

Marma: Reyno".

m’ Cuffe.

m’ Nicholls.

m’ Ditchfeilde.

m* Ewens.

m* Woodall ||w™ diuers others]|.

The Court of the 21" of Aprill was now read and after some pause
and noe [386] exception taken therto, beinge putt to the Question
itt was by a generall erecGon of hands approved to be rightly sett
downe.

540 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

M' Deputy acquainted the Court that although the generall buisiness
of the Company preferred in their Petiéon had not peeeded in Par-
lyament, yett the pticuler of Tobacc® by the exceedinge greate care
and wisedome of S* Edwin Sandys assisted with the Lord Cauendish
and other worthy members of the Company had a verie happie issue.
The Importaéon of fforraigne Tobace® wherin Spanish was included
beinge presented to his Ma“: as one of the nyne greivances of the
Realme in the matter of Trade wherin the House humbly besought
releife and that for the good of England without any Menéon or rela-
tion to Virginia in their Petiéon,—although hee said hee Doubted not
but in their heart€ the wholl House had a very speciall regaurd to the
advancement of the Plantaéons. And as this course was in itt selfe
as effectuall as if itt had been done by bill to obteyne y° excluding of
Spanish Tobacco, soe itt was much better then if itt had been done by
the bill w™ was Drawen the last Parlyament, since w™ time the state
& price of Tobace® was soe much altered as itt could noe way now
beare that charge of 12° p pound w™ that bill laide on itt butt therby
the Comoditie would haue been as certainely ruyned and ouerthrowen
as any otherwise.

In w™ reguard m* Deputy professed that neither himselfe nor divers
others could with any good courrage sett forward¢ that course of the
bill. But this second way bringinge with itt all the good of the bill,
and leavinge out the evill therof hee thought it could not bee too much
commended nor 8 Edwin Sandis (to whome the Company was behold-
inge therfore) sufficiently thanked.’

The Court rested much sattisfied in this matter, and full of good hope
that itt would com to a good end. Butt beinge informed that those
seuerall parties who in other kindes were to receave benefitt from the
redress of the other headeé of greivances had seconded the House w™
their pticuler Petigons to his Ma“: The Court thought itt very neces-
sary and fitt that the Company should doe the like and soe much the
rather in regard that the House of Commons haveinge onelie Peti-
éoned for the generall good of Trade w"out refferrence to Virginia the

1 Among the Ferrar Papers, Magdalene College, Cambridge, are several drafts of acts and petitions

on trade in the writing of Nicholas Ferrar, and nearly of this date. See also List of Records, Nos.
667-670, 672, 676, and 677, Vol. I, pages 193, 194, ante.

JUNE 7, 1624 541

addiéon |lof|| so weightie, and mayne, a consideraéon as the vphold-
inge & advauncem* of the Plantaéons would in all probabillitie much
sett forward the Execution and pformance therof: Whervppon itt was
ordered that a Peticon should be drawen to his Ma™: to be presented
from the Quarter Court, pursuinge the effect of that w™ the House of
Commons had delivered with the Addiéon of what pticularly con-
cerned the Plantagons. And further itt was ordered that their Lo”:
promise vppon dissoluéon of the Contract (that the Plantaéons onely
should haue the Importaéon of Tobacco) should be menéoned: w™
their Lo” by their order bearinge date the 28 of Aprill 1623 did com-
maund should be signified to the Colony §as§ haveing been most
graciously graunted by his Ma”: vppon their Lo” Moéon.

ffor the drawinge vpp of this Petigon the Court appoynted m* Deputy,
m’ Casewell, m' George Smith, and further intreated S* Edwin Sandys
to give them his help therin.

M’ Deputy acquainted the Company hee received late notice of Three
Shipps newly arryved from Virginia w™ had made a very speedy pas-

sage and hadd brought good news from thence (viz) that the people
were all in health and the Colloney well stored with Corne and other
provisions.

Hee likewise made knowne how much 8° ffraunces Wyat was Cofii-
ended for [387] his good service and noble Carriage of himselfe in
his Goverment. And moved that seeings the Company had againe
chosen him for Gouerno’ for 3 years longer they would also consider
how to supply him for the time to com with his iust number of Ten-
ant€ and to recompence him for the losse hee hath susteyned therby.

W" beinge taken into Consideraéon itt was held both iust & reason-
able that the Company should make good their Contract with him.
And thervppo by a generall erecéon of hands agreed and ordered
that signification should be given vnto him of his reelection. And
in respect the Company wanted means to send over more men ynto
him hee should be supplyed with his full number out of the Compa-
nies Tenants there; And for to reeompence his former losses itt was
referred to the Consideraéon of the Quarter Courte.

Memorand.

542 RECORDS OF THE VIRGINIA COMPANY

Vppon the like moéon and request in the behalfe of m* George Sandis
Treasuro’, It was agreed and ordered by a generall erecéon of hands
(onely one dissentinge) that those men w™ the Company had promised
to send him, but wanted means to make itt good, should be now like-
wise supplyed out of the Companies Tenants.

M’ Bull Treasuro' for the old Magazine moved that wheras m’ Alder-
man Iohnson hath ffower Hundred and odd pound€ remayninge in
his hands long since due to the Magazine Adventurers whose Accompt
in respect of some differrences was referred to m’ Alderman Ham-
mersley and m*™ Wither to examine and arbytrate: that for soe much
as m* Withers was gone beyound Sea they would now therfore
appoynt some other in his steed: and the rather for that m‘ Alder-
man Iohnson is tyed to give an Accompt before August next. This
was referred to the Quarter Court to consider of.

That wee Edward Collingwood Secretary of the Company for Vir-
ginia, and Thomas Collett of the Middle Temple Gentleman haue
pervsed compared and examined this present booke begininge att
Page: 1° att a Preparatiue Court held for Virginia the 20 of May:
1622 and endinge att this present Page—387 at a Preparatiue Court
held the 7" of Ivne 1624 And wee doe finde that this Coppie doth
perfectlie agree w™ the Originall booke of Court belonginge to the
Company in all things, saue that in Page—371: the Graunt of 800 Acres
to m* Maurice Berkley is not entred and saue that in Page 358 wee
wanted the Lords letter to m* Deputy fferrar, soe that wee could not
compare itt, and likewise saueinge that in Page 348 wee wanted the
Gouernor and Counsells Letter from Virginia, soe that wee could
§not§ compare itt; in w™ respect I Edward Collingwood haue not sett
my hand to those Three Pages, butt to all the rest I haue sett my
hand seuerally to each in confirmaéon that they agree truely with the
Originalls, And in wittness, and Confirmaéon that this booke is a true
Coppy of the Virginia Court€: Wee haue herevnder ioyntly sett our

hands the 19th day of Ivne—1624.
Thomas Collett.

Edward Collingwood Secré.

Index

Abbott, Morris, I, 225, 229, 324; TI, 56.
Avprror, I, 385.
Sir Thomas Smith’s accounts, I, 217.
Commrrrgxs:
Abuses to Martin’s Hundred, I, 239.
Argoll business, I, 324.
Joint stock for Spanish tobacco, II, 388,
Proposed for, I, 391.
Transportation of children, I, 287.
Debts, IT, 219.
Debts to company, II, 318.
Nominated by King for treasurer, I, 348,
Il, 28.
Abbreviations, I, 207, 208,
Abden, Robert.
Land, Hi, 295.
Abdy, Anthony, I, 226, 229,
Avprror, I, 385.
Sir Thomas Smith’s accounta, I, 217.
Magazine, I, 505, 572.
Commirress:
Abuses to Martin’s Hundred, I, 239,
Sale of tobaceo, I, 505.
Nominated for deputy by King, I, 28
Abigail, The.
Account of, IT, 440-441, 444-447,
Security, II, 455-456.
Accounts (finances).
AUDITED:
General, I, 573, 628.
N. Ferrar’s, II, 428.
Sandys’, II, 419, 425.
Southampton’s, IT, 416, 425,
16456—vor 2—06——35

Accounts (finances) —Continued.
Crarus:

Against the company, I, 335, 336, 592, 600,
626; II, 43-44, 4445, 369, 479, 480, 481,
510-511, 513, 514.

By the company, I, 593-594, 601-604, 606,

Allowed, I, 288; I, 505.

Not allowed, I, 629-6380.

Coutxesr, I, 220, 263.
Cotony:
Neglected, I, 449.
Rents, I, 453.
Commoprtizs:
Expenditures, I, 472, 476, 507.
Receipts, I, 423.
Dents:

Assumed, II, 109.

Discussed, I. 356, 573, 582.

Due by company, I, 358, 365, 591, 592, 598,
609, 627, 629; LI, 182, 529.

Due to company, I, 418, 458, 517, 597; II,
108, 219, 317, 318, 508.

Due East India school, LI, 496-497.

Plans for collecting, I, 389, 390, 412, 484,
495, 525, 583.

Epvcation:

East India school, I, 582, 589.

Errors in, I, 401, 402, 570.

Infidel’s children, I, 307, 308, 313, 318, 335;
U, 136.

545

546

Accounts (finances)—Continued.
Girts:
Bestowed, I, 318.
Received, I, 278, 335, 587.
Referred, 1, 474.
Lorreniss, I, 223, 285, 385, 358, 373, 379, 417,
470, 556, 592-593.
Audited, I, 572.
Plans for, I, 389.
Reported to King, I, 492.
Maaeazine, I, 227, 231, 241, 244, 245, 246, 260,
263, 286, 287, 293, 312, 495, 505, 552, 563;
IT, 132-135, 218-219.
Joint stock, I, 232, 239, 260, 273.
To be kept by company, I, 583.
Medium of exchange, I, 519.
PAYMENTS ORDERED, I, 139, 402, 414, 419, 433,
520; LI, 115.
Bookkeeper, II, 26.
Cape merchant, I, 506.
Collector, I, 551, 560.
Governor, I, 455, 465.
Marshall, I, 454, 465.
Minister, 1, 582, 591, 635.
Physician, 1, 516, 523.
Quo warranto, II, 479.
Seeretary of company, I, 459, 471.
Surveyor, I, 494.
Treasurer in colony, I, 454, 465.
Recriprs, I, 151.
For sermon, II, 480.
From collections in churches, I, 279, 285.
Reports OF:
By deputy, I, 470, 487, 593; IT, 19.
By treasurer, I, 19, 27, 471, 557.
By N. Ferrar, II, 416-417, 491.
By Sir Ed. Sandys, I, 470, 487, 558, 593.

SECURITY GRANTED BY COMPANY, I, 416, 417. 428,
To owners of The Abigail, II, 455-456.
To Casewell, Il, 493-494.
To the deputy, II, 19, 23-25.

INDEX

Accounts (finances)—Continued.
SECURITY GRANTED BY COMPANY—Continued.
To J. Ferrar, I, 417, 418-419, 427-428.
To N. Ferrar, II, 492-493.
STATEMENT OF CONDITION, I, 216, 219, 220, 263,
272.
Plans for reestablishing, I, 220, 257, 262,
267-269, 388, 389, 396, 397.
Report of, I, 349-357, 457, 458.
Toxacco, I, 289, 570, 572.
TRANSPORTATION TO VIRGINIA:
Of cattle, I, 420, 423.
Of children, I, 293, 304-307.
Passengers, I, 150, 287, 289, 295, 542, 623.
Ships, I, 277, 324, 410, 455, 466.
Wiri Inpivivvats:
Abigail’s owners, II, 440-441, 444-447,
Alderman Johnson, II, 317, 318, 542.
Argall, II, 19.
Caning, I, 622.
Davison, II, 109-110.
Sir E. Sandys, II, 411.
Sir George Summers, I, 462.
SirThomas Smith, I, 216, 217, 225, 282, 251,
258, 285, 289, 294, 338, 412, 417, 418, 440,
590, 618; II, 18, 269-261, 507, 517.
Yeardley, Il, 108.

Addison, Thomas.
Land, II, 17, 25.
Patent, II, 75, 90.

Admiralty Courts, I, 64-65.
Company vs. Wye, I, 137, 154, 161, 325, 344,
358, 367, 380, 407; II, 141, 168, 448-449, 479,
Adventure.
Claimed, IT, 532.
ConFERRED:
For debt, Ii, 484.
For money, I, 289, 412, 436, 448, 578; II,
89, 74.
Desired for service, I, 214.
Old and new defined, I, 75.

547

INDEX

Archer, Gabriell, I, 300.
Argall, Samuel, Captain, (Argoll) I, 255, 264,

Adventure—Continued.
Refused for losses to Martin’s Hundred, I, 248-

261.

Reward for securing, I, 454-155.

Sold, I, 407.

Transferred, I, 214, 228, 235, 280, 281, 300, 310,
319, 380, 383, 341, 344, 348, 368, 372, 378, 381,
408, 418, 419, 425, 460, 497, 654; II, 49, 327,
362, 388, 390, 412, 413, 421, 428, 438, 442, 505,

508, 532, 538,
Adventurers, I, 176.

Alphabet books of, I, 204, 312.

Defined, I, 249.

How receive land, I, 249, 250.

In lotteries, I, 295.

List of, I, 125, 127, 172, 176.

List of to be published, I, 286, 369.

Subject to suit for nonpayment, I, 249.
Alden, Robert.

Adventure, II, $27.
Allegiance.

Oaths, I, 400.

Americana.

Collections of, I, 55-57.
Amsterdam, I, 504, 526.
Andrewes, ——.

Adventure, I, 408.

Andrews, ——, Captain.

Letter to Lord Zouch, I, 130.
Andrews, Richard, II, 457.
Anthony, Francis, Dr., I, 295.

Adventure, I, 407.

CoMMITTEES:

College, I, 231.
Commodities, I, 403.
Welden’s accounts, I, 594.

Council, I, 383.

Archbishop of Canterbury.

To be consulted, I, 234.
Archbishop of York. See Bishops.
Archer, John, I, 300.

268, 309, 332, 343, 358, 360, 374, 397, 401, 403;
II, 171, 395, 400, 442, 537.
Accounts, II, 19, 27, 133.
Accuses Sandys, II, 50, 79.
Censured by Smith and Johnson, IT, 51-55, 79.
Commissions for trade and officers. I, 126, 127,
128.
Commirrres:
Magazine, I, 241.
Joint stock for Spanish tobacco, II, 388.
Departure of ships, I, 127.
Disputes with company, I, 284, 285, 384, 389.
Dissatisfied with decision, I, 364-367.
Enactment, I, 183.
Government in Virginia lescribed, II, 58, 64,
400-405.
Letters to company, I, 127, 128, 206.
Proclamations in Virginia, I, 125, 126, 129.
Neglect of instructions, II, 53.
Proposition concerning, I, 137.
Register, I, 96.
Suit with Brewster, I, 217, 219, 222, 226, 230.
Suit with Smalley, II, 50.

Apprentices, I, 252, 256, 268, 270, 293, 306, 391,
401, 419, 424, 426, 508, 626; IT, 529.
Arundle, Peter, Earl, I, 169,309, 317, 321, 339.

Council, I, 347.
Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 162.
Letter to John Smyth, I, 153.

Ashmolean MSS., Oxford, I, 28.

Askough, ——, I, 401.

Attestation of court book, II, 542.
Attorney-General, I, 218, 219, 445

Aucher, Sir Anthony, I, 289.

Auditors, 1,228, 229, 235, 244, 289,300,303,308, 309,

810, 819, 322, 330, 347, 348, 364, 368, 400, 401,
402, 418, 418, 419, 439, 459, 460, 461, 492, 495,
523, 533, 680, 600.

Duties, I, 217.

548

Auditors—Continued.
To EXAMINE:
Accounts of Susan with joint stock, I, 232.
Debts, I, 336, 573.
General accounts, I, 573.
Granting land, I, 273.
Lotteries, I, 235, 295.
Magazine, accounts, I, 244, 245, 275, 572,
582.
Patents, I, 259.
Seal, I, 259, 262.
Sir Thomas Smith’s accounts, I, 225, 285,
294, 572.
Austin, Ambrose.
Transfers adventure, I, 407.
Ayer, Edward E., I, 57, 57n.
Ayres, Thomas.
Auditor for the magazine, I, 496, 572.
GoMMITTEES:
Brinsley’s book, I, 574,
Colonel in Virginia, I, 569.
Commodities, I, 518.
Copeland’s gift, I, 533.
General, I, 468.
To collect subscriptions, I, 533.
Patent, I, 534, 562.
Bagg, James.
Adventure, I, 383; IT, 538.
ComMITTEE:
Proposed for, I, 392.
Land, I, 380; II, 530.
Bailey, ——, Captain, II, 513.
Proposition for government, I, 177.
Baldwin, Francis, I, 334.
ComMItTTEE:
Salt works, I, 318.
Patent, II, 132.
Balmeford, James (Bamfield, Bamford), I, 223.
CommrtrrEs:
Acta of the assembly, I, 341.
Brinsley’s book, I, 574.
Copeland’s gift, I, 533.

INDEX

Balmeford, James (Bamfield, Bamford )—Con.
Commrrrres—Continued.
Education of infidels’ children, I, 307.
Martin’s patent, I, 596.
Method of teaching and books, I, 607.
Usher to Virginia, I, 600.
Freedom, I, 559.
Land, I, 580, 590.
Patent, II, 20, 32.
Barbor, Gabriel, I, 237, 257.
Accounts of magazine, II, 132.
Adventure transferred, I[, 508.
Commission, IT, 262, 333.
CoMMITTEES:
Accounts for fur stock, I, 608.
Care of records, II, 432.
College, II, 91.
General, IT, 30, 154, 536.
Martin’s patent, I, 596.
Nicholas Ferrar’s accounts, I, 576.
Price of commodities, II, 466.
Suspension of laws, I, 531.
Tobacco—
Contract, IT, 154.
Importation of Spanish, 11, 420.
Land, I, 460.
Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 136.
Lottery accounts, I, 556.
Quietus est, I, 592.
Summer Islands, IT, 159.
Bargrave, John, Captain, I, 151, 156, 228, 228,
312, 330, 341, 344, 372; LI, 120.
Bond to indemnify Lord Zouch, I, 129.
Censured, I, 254.
CoMMITTEEs:
Commodities, I, 403.
Martin’s cattle, II, 120.
Proposed for, 1, 396.
Publication, I, 407.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Tobacco, I, 299.
Debts, II, 219.

INDEX

Bargrave, John, Captain—Continued. Barret, ——.
Discourse on Sandys, I, 175. Shipwright, I, 576.
Investment, I, 250. Barrett, William, I, 347.
Letter, I, 200. Bartes, Peter.
Letter to the House of Commons, I, 192. Transfers adventure, I, 280.
Magazine, I, 151. Bartlett Hundred, I, 311, 318, 535.
Patent, I, 347. Bartley, —-.
Petition to the Privy Council, I, 154. Patents, I, 341.
Project for government, I, 186. Barwicke, Thomas.
Protected, I, 180. Freedom of company, IT, 20, 26.
Surrs: Basse, Nathaniel (Bassey).
Against Sir Tho. Smith and Alderman Patent, I, 414, 661, 575, 579, 584.
Johnson (magazine), I, 107, 154, 156, Bassett, J. 8.
on ~~ or a ~e 573, = The Writings of Colonel William Byrd, I, 45n.
er of Nath. Rich to suit, I, 167. t
Against Caning, I, 259, 260. - —_ rpm “wi —

es Peet 1.002. SME. Nominee for deputy, II, 28, 29,
Treatise, I, 444.

Barker, Robert, I, 600, 607. Bath, Katharine, I, 232, 288, 289.
Opposed salaries, II, 152. Baylie, Ralph, Captain, I, 474; II, 79, 171.
Barkham, Sir Edward. Land assigned, II, 107.
CoMMITTEES: Baynam, Richard.
Joint stock for glass, I, 514. Adventure, I, 381.
Free of company, H, 76. Colonel in Virginia, I, 569.
Free and of the council, II, 89. ComMITTEE:
Lands, II, 94. Martin’s patent, I, 596.
Barnard, John (Bernard) I, 213. Bennett, Edward, II, 128, 156, 228.
Adventure, II, 508. Auditor, II, 30.
Adventure transferred, II, 538. Commission, IT, 388.
ComMITTEEs: ComMITTEEs:

Developing commodities, I, 490. Auditing accounts, II, 417.

General, I, 386, 467. General, I, 468; II, 30, 536.

Joint stock for glass, I, 514. Peirs’ accounts, IT, 56.

Newce’s patent, I, 448. Petition, II, 118.

Tobacco contract, II, 38, 128. Present petition to King, Il, 366.
Council, IT, 19, 26. Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Warrant for accounts, I, 149. Tobacco contract, IZ, 38, 128, 154.

Barnes, Richard. Importation of Spanish, IT, 388, 420.
Letter to Sir Francis Wyatt, I, 193. Free member, I, 446.

Barradine, Francia, I, 288. Nominated for committee, II, 154.

Barre, —-. Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
Patent, I, 634. II, 160.

550

Bennett, Edward—Continued.
Patent, I, 534, 554.
Petition against Hamor, II, 104.
Bennett, Richard.
Patent, I, 562.
Bennett, Robert.
Patent, I, 562.
Beomount, Richard, I, 219.
Berblock, James, I, 259.
Berblock, Richard (Bearblock), I, 213, 225, 368,
372, 401.
CoMMITTEES:
Acts of the assembly, I, 336.
Care of records, II, 432.
Developing commodities, I, 490.
Freedom of company, II, 278.
General, I, 365, 386, 467; IT, 30.
Iron works, I, 472.
Magazine, I, 238, 245.
Method of petitions, I, 112.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Patent, I, 436.
Petition to King, II, 362.
Proposed for, I, 389, 390.
Publication, I, 407.
Secretary, I, 484.
Tobacco, I, 291, 293.
Encourage towns to plant, I, 556, 586.
Proclamation for, I, 404.
Sale of, I, 286, 406.
Transportation of children, I, 287.
Vice-admiral, I, 546.
Wye business, I, 341, 344, 358, 367, 380,
383.
Council, II, 448, 457.
Dismissed from committee, IT, 536.
Freedom of company, II, 278.
Propositions, I, 347.
Suit against Wye, I, 325.
Berkley, Lady Elizabeth.
Land, I, 419, 428, 598.
Patent, II, 75, 90.

INDEX

Berkley, Lady Elizabeth—Continued.
Petition for land, I, 287, 402.
Transfers adventure, I, 448.

Berkley, George, widow of, I, 335.

Berkley, John.

Desires supplies, I, 629.
Iron works, I, 472, 476.
Patents, I, 347.

Berkley, Sir Maurice, IT, 484.

Freedom, I, 391.
Land, IT, 617.
Petition granted, IT, 497, 508-509.

Berkley, Richard, I, 142, 143.

Letter concerning plantation, I, 132.

Berkley Hundred.

Accounts, [, 143, 144, 146.
Charges, I, 135, 139.
Agreement concerning, I, 135, 142.
Commission and instructions to governors,
I, 142, 143.
Indenture, I, 135, 140, 144.
List of men for, I, 135, 143, 145.
Minister for, I, 143.
Berkett, James.
Land, I, 534.
Patent, I, 634.
Berksom, Carsten, I, 181.
Bermuda Hundred.
Letter claiming West and Shirley Hundreds,
I, 126.
Best, William.
Petition to King, II, 519.
Bible, I, 589.
Bickely, Francis.
Adventure, II, 327.

Biddolph, Anthony, I, 372.

Commarrrss: IIT, 586.
General, I, 468; II, 30.

Biggs, Richard.

Adventure, II, 327.

Binge [W.], I], 228, 320, 495.
Accusation approved, II, 324.

INDEX

Binge [W. ]—Continued. Bland, John—Continued.
Censured by Privy Council, IT, 303. Commitress—Continued.
Committed, H, 329. Proposed for, I, 392.
CoMMITTEES: Summer’s accounts, I, 462.
Argall’s accounts, II, 27. Tobacco, importation, II, 420; sale of, I,
Brinsley’s book, I, 574. 631.
Copland’s ministry, II, 49. Council, II, 448, 457.
Laws and officers for Virginia, I, 216. Dismissed from committee, II, 533.
Method of petitions, IT, 112, 118. Factor for trade in furs, I, 515.
Provisioning of passengers, IT, 440. Nominated for committee, II, 154.
Sermon, I, 114. Oath, I, 403.
Survivals of massacre, IT, 94. Blayney, Edward.
To draw up tobacco patent, II, 98. Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 148.
Letter to Nicholas Ferrar, I, 184. Bluett, ——, Captain.
Speech on tobacco contract, II, 302-303. Council in Virginia, I, 379, 383, 479.
Bingham, ——, Captain. Iron works, I, 587.
CoMMITTEES: Blunts Point, IT, 10, 381.
Bargrave’s treatise, I, 444. Bohemia, I, 348.
Proposed for, I, 396. Bohune, Lawrence, Dr., I, 297, 303, 308, 431, 490,
Binion, Mrs. Katherine, I, 491. 508, 515.
Bird, Scargill, A guide to the Principal Classes of Adventure granted, I, 223.
Documents in the Public Record Office, I, 63n. Death, I, 520.
Bisaker, Robert. Monopoly proposed, I, 576.
Land, I, 143. Patent, I, 428.
Bishops, I, 285, 406, 521, 541, 560. Bohun, Mrs. Alice.
To collect money, I, 163, 220, 279, 484, 495. Petition referred, I, 544.
Bishop of London, Lord. Bolton, —, I, 516.
Couneil, I, 348; Il, 19, 26. ComMirrEr:
Blancher, John. Joint stock for glass, I, 514.
Died, 1, 107. Minister, I, 506.
Petition for inheritance, ITI, 107.
Bland, John, I, 275, 410; II, 491. nee
Adventure transferred, II, 421, 429.
Auditor, IT, 536.
Auditor of the magazine, I, 496, 572.
ComMITTRES:
Auditing, IT, 417.
Care of records, II, 432. —
Commodities, I, 365, 413; II, 466. Book of Common Prayer, I, 589.
General, 1, 386, 467; II, 30. Bookkeeper, I, 233; II, 125.
Magazine, I, 371. Duties, IT, 141.
Newce’s patent, I, 448. Books of record. See Records,

Bonoeil, John (Bonnall, Bonnell), TI, 102.
Culture of silkworms, I, 158, 543.
Land, I, 459, 470.
Observations to be followed to keep silkworms, I,
138.

552

Boothby, Richard, I, 155.
Adventure, I, 223.
Auditor on magazine, II, 134.
CoMMITTEES:
General, I, 386, 467; II, 30, 536.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Peirs’ accounts, II, 56.
Land, II, 279, 295.
Bourchiers, Sir John, IT, 50.
ComMiTTEES:
Letter to colony, IJ, 378.
Present petition to King, IT, 366.
Tobacco, IT, 388.
Patent, I, 483.
Bourchiers, Whittaker, II, 50.
Bowater, John.
Land, I, 625.
Bowe Church, I, 628.
Box, Henry, I, 372.
Boyd, Sir Edmond.
Suit with company, I, 124.
Boyse, John, I, 331.
Petition to king, II, 519.
Bradford, James.
Servant, II, 532.
Brandon, Martin, II, 216.
Brett, James, Captain.
Adventure, I, 214, 223.
Bond to indemnify Zouch, I, 129.
Brewster [Edward], Captain, I, 309, 343, 358,
360, 372, 374; II, 401, 442.
Suit against Captain Argall, I, 217, 219, 222,
226, 273.
Referred to governor, I, 230.
Transfers adventure, I, 418.
Brewster, Richard, IT, 524.
Petition to king, II, 519.
Bridewell, I, 259, 288.
Bridges, John.
Letter to John Smyth, I, 144.
Briggs, Henry, I, 218, 222, 223, 224, 330, 335, 467.
Anditor, I, 218, 385.
Auditor of magazine, I, 238, 244, 275.

INDEX

Briggs, Henry—Continued.
Commairress, I, 365.
Laws and officers for Virginia, I, 216.
Magazine, I, 371.
Proposed for, I, 388.
Brinsley, John, I, 152.
Publication, I, 574.
British Museum, I, 54.
Ceesar papers, Martin and Bargrave, I, 68-69.
Precedents for patents, I, 67.
Bromfield, Arthur, I, 393; II, 175.
CommMiTrse:
Securities, IT, 484.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,
159.
Brooke, Sir John, I, 324; II, 145, 184, 190, 215,
302.
ComMMITTEES:
Acts of the assembly, I, 336.
Letter to colony, I, 378.
Martin’s cattle, II, 120.
Martin’s patent, I, 561, 596; II, 10.
Message to the King, I, 357; I, 352, 371.
Petition, II, 118.
Proposed for, I, 390, 396.
Tobacco contract, II, 38, 128, 155, 237.
Proclamation, I, 404.
To draw up tobacco patent, Il, 98.
Council, II, 136.
Patent, II, 15, 20, 32.
Wrote’s submission, II, 183.
Brooke, Christopher, I, 259, 262.
Censure of Wrote, IT, 254.
CoMMITTEES:
Answer to Privy Council, I, 323, 325.
Freedom of company, II, 278.
Tobacco, I, 245, 304.
Entry of courts, I, 499.
Freedom of company, ITI, 278.
Brown, Alexander, Genesis of the United States, I,
17n, 18n, 19n, 24n, 26n, 27n, 29n, 80n, 31n,
32n, 38n.

INDEX

Browne, —.
Land and freedom, IT, 89.
Browne, Anthony, I, 333.
Browne, Robert.
Adventure, I, 232.
Land, I, 233.
Browne, William, I, 600, 607.
Brudenell, Edmund.
Land transferred, I, 624.
Brudenell, Francis.
Land, I, 624.
Bruice, [Edward], Lord.
Council, II, 421, 429.
Freedom of company, II, 421, 429.
Brug, ——, Earl.
Letter, I, 123.
Bryarley, James.
Suit with company, I, 123.
Bucke, Richard.
Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 147, 148.
Buckeridge, Nicholas.
Adventure, I, 223.
Budge, John, I, 372; II, 93.
Adventure transferred, II, 327.
Bulkley, Sir Richard, I, 485.
Adventure, I, 436.
Elizabeth Island, I, 485.
Patent, I, 449, 461, 466.
Bulkly, Thomas.
Adventure inherited, I, 598.
Patent, II, 20, 32.
Bull, Richard, II, 318, 542.
Auditor of the magazine accounts, I, 275, 495,
505, 572; II, 134.
CoMMITTERS:
Accounts for fur stock, I, 608.
Commodities, I, 365.
Criminals, I, 272.
Debts of the magazine, I, 312.
General, I, 270, 386, 467; I], 30.
Goods, I, 321.
Magazine ship, I, 246.

Bull, Richard—Continued.
Committrrs—Continued.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Peirs’ accounts, II, 56.
Sale of tobacco, I, 505.
Land transferred, II, 93.
Magazine accounts, I, 547, 548, 552; II, 132.
Nominated for committee, II, 154.
Bullocke, Anthony or Augustine, I, 600, 607.
Burden, I, 400.
Burgh, John.
Adventure, II, 421, 429.
Adventure transferred, II, 488.
Adventure transferred, II, 218.
Land transferred, II, 218.
Burrows, John.
Debt, I, 536.
Butler, Edward.
Land, II, 77.
Butler, George.
Land, I, 548.
Butler, Nathaniel, Captain, I, 570; II, 395.
CoMMITTEES:
Joint stock for Spanish tobacco, II, 388.
Tobacco customs, I, 248.
Council, I, 227.
Government in Summer Islands described, II,
405-409. :
History of Bermudas, I, 137.
Letter to Sir Nathaniel Rich, I, 187, 145, 167.
Unmasken Face or ovr Corony, I, 162; II,
872, 392.
Answered by the company, II, 397-399.
Copy of answer denied Butler, II, 387.
Byrd, Doctor, of Westover, I, 43.
History of the Dividing Line, I, 44n.
Purchased Court Book, I, 81.
Cage, John.
Transfers adventure, I, 280.
Caldicott, Mathias.
Land, II, 295.

554

Calvert, Secretary, I, 212, 253, 259, 274; II, 28,
450, 458.
Committee to ship criminals, I, 272.
Letter to the Earl of Southampton, I, 175.
Caninge, William, I, 213, 242, 254, 298, 299, 387,
609, 616.
Accounts, I, 621.
Claim against the company, I, 582, 592.
CommMirTrEes:
Care of maids, I, 428.
Laws and officers for Virginia, I, 216.
Magazine, I, 241.
Present petition to king, II, 366,
Tobacco, I, 299.
Customs, I, 248.
Milegal planting in England, I, 100.
Joint stock for importation of Span-
ish, II, 388, 420.
Sale of, I, 286.
Transportation of children, I, 287.
OF servants, 1, 289.
‘Debts, 11, 219, 318, 524.
Petition to the Magazine and to the king, I,
376.
Suit against Captain Bargrave, I, 259.
Canne, Delphebus.
Letter to John Delbridge, I, 178.
Cape Bona Speranza, I, 532.
Cape Charles, I, 504.
Cape Cod, I, 277, 504.
Capemerchant, I, 214, 227, 239, 241, 244, 246,
332, 333, 400, 506.
Capps, William (Caps), I, 609.
Certificate for, I, 615.
Free passage of men, I, 461.
Goods and land withheld, II, 105.
Letter to John Ferrar, I, 167.
Letter to Doctor Wynston, I, 167.
Patent, I, 579, 585.
Referred to governor, I, 460.
Transportation, I, 471.
Witness against Captain Martin, II, 43.

INDEX

Carewe, George, Lord, II, 27.
Carey, Sir Phillip (Cary), I, 218, 872.
CoMMITTEES:
Enforced importation of commodities, I,
565.
Proclamation on tobacco, I, 404.
Sermon, Il, 114.
Summer Islands, I, 375.
Vice-admiral, I, 546.
Council, I, 473.
Carles, Robert.
Land and freedom, II, 74, 89.
Carter, Francis, I, 248, 308, 347, 599; II, 429.
Adventure, IT, 484.
Adventure transferred, II, $81, 505, 508.
Beadle, I, 213, 386, 468; II, 31, 155.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,
IA
Land, I, 5384.
Land transferred, I, 460, 528, 584, 548, 573,
604, 619, 625, 630, 635; II, 17, 25, 56, 77, 93,
217.
Carter, James.
Commission, IT, 449.
Deposition, II, 385.
Land, II, 217.
Cartwright, Abraham, I, 348.
Auditor of Magazine, I, 238.
CoMMITTEES:
Martins Hundred, I, 239.
Proclamation on tobacco, I, 404.
Caswell, Richard, I, 213, 259, 312, 316, 424, 480,
542; II, 165, 318, 491.
Adventure transferred, II, 505, 508.
Auditor for the Magazine, I, 496, 572; II, 134.
ComMitTExs:
Accounts for far stock, I, 608.
Care of maids, I, 428.
Children to go to Virginia, H, 90.
Commodities, I, 365, 413, 518.
Copland’s ministry, II, 49.

INDEX

Caswell, Richard—Continued. Cavendish, Lord William, I, 372; Il, 26, 31, 171,

Commirrrrs—Continued.

Debts of the Magazine, I, 312.
Developing commodities, I, 490.
Freedom of company, II, 278.
General, I, 386, 467; IT, 30, 536.
Goods, I, 321.
Instructions to governor, I, 496.
Letter concerning children, I, 431.
Magazine, I, 238.
Martin’s patent, I, 636.
Method of petitions, IT, 112.
Method of teaching and books, I, 607.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Peirs’ accounts, II, 56.
Petition, II, 118.
Price of commodities, II, 466.
Proposed for, I, 390.
Publication, I, 564.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Secretary, I, 484.
Suspension of laws, II, 531.
Tobacco, I, 291.

Contract, II, 38, 128, 154.

Proclamation on, I, 404.

Sale of, I, 294, 406, 631; II, 503;

Spanish, II, 389.

Sumerscale’s plan, I, 365.
Freedom of company, II, 278.
Magazine accounts, I, 287; II, 132.
Nominated for committee, II, 154.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,

II, 160.

Patent, I, 437.
Petition to king, II, 541.
Referee for Martin’s patent, II, 10.
Restraining freedom of company, II, 275.

555

177, 220, 327, 392, 535.
ComMITTEES:
Children to go to Virginia, II, 90.
Enforced importation of commodities, I,
565. :
Entering courts, II, 441.
Message to King, II, 34, 352, 357, 487.
Petition on commission, II, 538.
Present letters to King, II, 369.
Present petition to King, II, 366.
Tobacco, I, 275, 304.
Contract, II, 38, 128, 333.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, TI,
159.
Land transferred, II, 40.
Letter to King, I, 398.
Message from King, II, 364.
Nominated for treasurer, II, 420.
Referee for Martin’s patent, HI, 10.
Report from Privy Council, II, 329.
Report on tobacco contract, II, 302-306, 319.
Salaries, II, 173.
Speech concerning Alderman Johnson, I, 166.
Wrote’s accusation, II, 182.

Cecil, Sir Edward, general (Caesill, Casill),
I, 219, 228, 257, 318, 317, 326, 339.
Censure of Company.

Alderman Johnson, I, 138, 134, 242, 248, 244.
Binge, II, 324-325.

Captain Bargrave, I, 264.

Mansell, Henry, I, 592.

Samuel Wrote, II, 195, 257-2658, 25°.

Sir Thomas Wroth, I, 397.

Welden, William, I, 601-604, 606.

Woodall, I, 408, 437; II, 324-325.

Secured, I, 493-494.

‘Treasurer of magazine for supplies, II, 461.
Cavell, Mathew.

Adventureand freedom of company, I, 264, 273.

Challoner, I, 348, 372.

Ghamber of London, I, 525.
Account with magazine, I, 288.
Accounts, II, 369.

556

Chamberlain, John.
Letter, I, 130, 181.
Letters to Sir Dudley Carleton, I, 133, 158,
161, 170, 180, 193.
Chamberlaine, Abraham (Chamberlyn), I, 244,
431, 504, 510, 515, 535, 544, 572.
ComMiTrrss:
Colonel in Virginia, I, 569.
Commodities, I, 413, 518.
Copeland’s gift, I, 533.
Magazine accounts, I, 245.
Proposed for, I, 392, 393.
To collect subscriptions, I, 533.
Tobacco, I, 422.
Sale of, I, 406, 505.
Magazine accounts, I, 547, 569.
Tobacco accounts, I, 572.
Chambers, George, I, 218, 238, 239, 316.
Auditor, I, 213.
Auditor of magazine, I, 238.
CoMMITrEEs:
General, I, 386.
Letter concerning children, I, 431,
Magazine, I, 241.
Magazine ship, I, 245.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Proposed for, I, 392, 396.
Sale of tobacco, I, 406.
Chancery, court of, I, 156, 254.
Surts:
Bargrave v. Magazine, I, 228, 230, 231,
254, 525, 573, 616.
Company with Sir Edmond Boyd et al.,
I, 124.
Company with William Leveson, I, 124,
Company with Sir Tho. Mildmaye et al.,
I, 122.
Company with Sir H. Neville et al., I,
122, 123.
Charles City, I, 539; II, 375, 384.
Charles Hundred, II, 74.

INDEX

Charter.
1606:
Government under, I, 19.
Motives of, I, 19-21.
1609:
Commercial character of effort, I, 21-23,
28-29.
New:
Attempt of company to secure, I, 177, 180.
Bailey’s project for, I, 177, 184.
Bargrave’s project for, I, 186.
Effort of Privy Council to enforce, I, 469.
Effort of Privy Council resisted, II, 471.
For care of sick, I, 320.
For plantation, I, 267, 329, 382.
See also Letters patents.
Charter party, I, 289, 205, 309, 322, 337, 373, 379,
382, 416.
Draft of, I, 134, 143.
Taken in, I, 219.
See also Commission.
Cheeke, Sir Thomas, I, 228.
Councillor, I, 227.
Chettenly, Robert.
Land, I, 548.
Chettle, Richard.
Land, I, 548.
Chichester, Arthur, Lord.
Letter to the Countess of Warwick, I, 181.
Chickahominies, II, 395.
Children.
Conditions of transportation, I, 271, 293, 800,
304-307, 310, 424,
Order of Privy Council sending, I, 139.
To be transported, I, 270, 287, 293, 431, 683;
II, 90, 368.
Choapooks Creek, I, 308.
Church, I, 538; II, 73.
Clapham, John.
Transfers adventure, I, 554.
Clarentius, I, 259.

INDEX

Clarke, ——. College in Virginia—Continued.
ComMITTEES: Officers of land, I, 332.
General, I, 386, 468. Plans for support, I, 220.
Newce’s patent, I, 448. PLANTERS:
Sale of tobacco, I, 406. Character of, I, 234, 239.
Clarke, Edward, I, 341. Plans for, I, 391.
Clarke, John. Sent, I, 256.
Freedom of company, I, 599. To be sent, I, 226, 230.
Land, I, 599; II, 32, 75, 90. Rector, provision for, II, 76, 91.
Clarke, Katherine. Collett, John, I, 344.
Transfers adventure, I, 281. Collett, Thomas, I, 82, 344.
Clarke, William. Attestation of court book, I], 542,
Freedom of company, IT, 20, 26. Collingwood, Edward, I, 82-83, 636.
Clayborne, Wm., I, 153. Attestation, II, 542.
Surveyor for Virginia, I, 494. Seal, IT, 419.
Clerk, George, I, 372. Secretary, I, 386, 468; LI, 31, 586.
Oletheroe, Christopher, I, 213.
Auditor for old magazine, I, 572.
Commrtrnes:

Colonization.
Reasons for, I, 17, 18.

Colony, See Plantation.

Tobacco customs, I, 248.
Commodities, I, 365. Combe, Thomas, I, 344.

Nominated for treasurer by King, II, 28, 29. Commissions, I, 151, 152, 153, 154, 155, 156, 157,

Cockaine, Sir William. 158, 159, 160, 174, 175.

Council, I, 348. Earliest, I, 28, 29.

Cocks, John. For fishing, I, 145, 150, 554.

Land, I, 534. For trade by Argall, I, 126, 127, 128.
Patent, I, 534. Form of, I, 142.

Coin, I, 519. Governor of Berkeley Hundred, I, 135.

Colby, Edmondy, I, 460. Sealed, I, 312, 315, 322, 404, 478, 475, 497, 506,

Colby, Thomas. 522, 524, 548, 562, 575, 622, 624; II, 98, 98,
Adventure, I, 460. 99, 156, 262, 388, 389, 430, 438, 449, 463,

Collections in churches. See Accounts. 465, 497, 529.

Collections of documents containing records, To William Wye, I, 133.

I, 119, 120. Searched, I, 112-115. To masters of ships, I, 218, 288, 289.

College in Virginia, I, 421. See also Charter party and Plantations.
Accounts, I, 220, 263. Commissioners of the Treasury I, 296, 303.
Committee appointed, I, 231, 234; II, 91. Commissioners on Virginia, I, 161, 179, 190,

Reports, I, 234. 195, 197; II, 483, 509.
Gifta, anonymous, I, 247, 248, 421. Appointed to investigate company, I, 109, 112.
Land for, I, 268. Articles of inquiry for, I, 169, 189.
Letters, I, 129. Draft of report, I, 176.
Located, I, 220. Instructions to, I, 170.

558
Commissioners on Virginia—Continued.

Message from company, II, 429-430, 505, 507,
517.
Petition to king concerning, II, 410.
For appointment, I, 168.
Receive charges, I, 179.
Sequester records, II, 431-432.
Summons to company, II, 479.
Warrant for records, I, 184.

Committees, I, 213, 297, 449.

Court resolved into, II, 376-377.
Extraordinary, law for appointment of, II,
416, 425.
Meetina, I, 538-544.
Places, I, 215, 282, 321, 327, 404, 501, 502,
544, 561, 607, 618.
Recvuar:
Election of, I, 270.
Grants, I, 215.
Laws and officers for Virginia, I, 216, 219,
281, 234.
Laws and orders, I, 215, 222, 228, 266, 297,
208, 374, 380, 618.
Orders and grants, I, 215, 219.
Spxora, I, 412.
Arbitration, I, 219.
Bargrave’s business, I, 228.
Censure of Alderman Johnson, I, 242.
Children, I, 300.
Contracts between masters and servants,
II, 113, 129-131.
Encourage towns to plant tobacco, I, 556.
Enforced importation of tobacco, I, 565,
568-569.
For magazine, I, 241, 245.
Granting of freedom of company, II,
276-277.
Management under tobacco contract, II,
128, 144-145, 223.
Martin’s patent, I, 561, 596, 611, 636.
Method of considering petitions, II, 112.
Report, I, 133; I, 117.

“INDEX
Committees—Continued.

Spectar—Continued.

On register of ships and passengers, ITI,
112-113, 123, 124-126.

Petitions, II, 118.

Proposed for control of affairs, I, 387-397.

Rewarding men on merits, I, 474.

Sale of tobacco, I, 294, 297, 299, 321.

Sending planters, I, 230.

Sending poor to Virginia, I, 555.

Sending youths to Virginia, I, 583.

Suit in chancery, I, 223.

Survivals of massacre, II, 94.

Tobacco contract, II, 37, 98.

Tobacco customs, I, 245.

Usher for East India school, I, 600, 616.

Commodities (beads, clapboards, cod, corn,

drink, glass, hemp, mulberry, pitch, pot-
ashes, powder, salt, saltpeter, sassafras, saw-
mills, silk, silk grass, soda, soap ashes, tar,
tobacco), II, 396.
Book on silkworma, I, 422, 432; Ii, 102.
Committees on, I, 412, 418.
Contracted for, I, 466.
Custom of trade in, II, 325-326.
Encourage cities and towns to, I, 489, 556.
Enforced importation of, I, 251, 266, 318, 329,
365, 368, 370, 372, 413, 417, 430, 432, 433,
483, 493-494, 526, 529, 530, 531-532, 587,
627-628; II, 32, 298, 305, 306-307, 308, 309,
312, 315-317, 379.
Enforced importation ordered by Privy Coun-
cil, I1, 321-323.
Resisted by company, II, 325-327.
Petition against, II, 308.
Furs, I, 515, 567.
GLASS WORKS:
Proposed, I, 484, 498, 499, 500.
Released, I, 511, 512.
Joint stock, I, 94, 513-515, 557, 565-566.
Interfered with by tobacco contract, IT, 241.
Iron works, I, 472, 475, 476, 587-588.

INDEX

Commodities—Continued. Conway, Sir Edward.

Liquorish refused, I, 484, 494.
Needed, I, 629. :
Neglected, I, 449, 480.
Patents for, desired, I, 322, 398, 403, 420, 436,
437.
Plans for, 1, 392, 393, 517-518.
Prices regulated, I, 138, 422, 466-467; II, 523,
524.
Report on, I, 352, 353, 472, 604; II, 383-384.
Salt, IT, 497, 508.
Sassafras, I, 525.
Shipwrights and carpenters, I, 522, 523, 567.
Wine, I, 141.
See also Plantation, condition of, Accounts,
Tobacco, and under names of important
members.

Company, Virginia.

Articles exported by, I, 158.

Collector for, I, 551, 560, 580.

Condition of, I, 349-357, 588; II, 352-362.

Control under Sir Thomas Smith, [1, 393-397.

Control since Sir Thomas Smith, II, 393-397.

Debts, I, 216.

Democratic tendency, I, 358-359.

Disfranchisement, I, 71.

Liability of private estates for debta, II, 165,
193.

Officers, payment, I, 459, 561.

Organization of, I, 71.

Receiver of king’s rents, IJ, 178.

Relations with magazine, I, 231, 233, 236, 237,
242.

Sandye’ plans for control, I, 387-397.

Surrender of charter and receipt of new, II,
469, 473-474, 475.

See also Plantation, condition of, Officers,
Letters, and Freedom of Company.

Free, II, 76.

Free and of the council, I, 89.

Lerrers:
Attorney-General Coventry, I, 197, 199.
Lord Treasurer Middlesex, I, 178.
Lord President Mandeville, I, 197, 198.
Secretary Calvert, I, 174.
Sir Edward Sackville, I, 174.
Sir Thomas Merry, I, 195.
Sir Thomas Smythe, I, 179.
Solicitor-General Heath, I, 199.

Cooper, Tobias.

Land, I, 534.
Patent, I, 534.

Copland, Patrick, (Copeland) I, 152, 538, 400,
483, 496.

Auditor, II, 491.
Commitrgxs:
Brinsley’s book, I, 574.
Martin’s patent, I, 596.
Method of teaching and books, I, 607.
Petition to king, II, 362.
Securities, II, 484.
Suspension of laws, IT, 531.
Usher to Virginia, I, 600.
Council in Virginia, I, 214, 229, 231, 289, 241,
253, 258, 273, 285, 380, 403; II, 76.
Declaration. how the monies were disposed. Lon-
don, 1622, I, 56, 58n, 152.
Freedom of, I, 532.
Land, I, 532, 559, 608.
Minister to colony, II, 49, 75, 91.
Patent, I, 581.
Rector of college, II, 76, 91.
School, East India, I, 550, 559, 600, 606, 616.
To preach, I, 628.
Virginia’s God be thanked, or a Sermon of
Thanksgiving for the happy success of the

Conder, ——.
Patent, I, 534.
Contracts between masters and servants, II,
113, 129-181.

affairs in Virginia this last year. Published
by Commandment of the Company. 1622,

I, 56n, 155.
Corbett, Robert, IJ, 106.

560 INDEX

Cornish, George. Courts—Continued.
Land, I, 548. PREPARATIVE:
Council. Seasions, I, 222, 298, 342, 435, 452, 477, 549,
Or company, I, 502. 579; II, 9, 64, 124, 215, 418, 443, 481,
Meeting, II, 187-195. 506, 529, 539.
Members, I, 302, 303, 317, 347, 379, 383, Quaxrsr:
473; I, 20, 26, 136, 258, 259, 261, 421, Sessions, I, 211, 224, 265, 301, 345, 378,
420, 447-448, 457. 382, 421, 439, 463, 486, 565, 584; II, 18,
Supreme committee, I, 262. 21, 78, 77, 181, 187, 244, 422, 449, 485,
To be sworn, I, 265. 512, 533.
To investigate magazine, I, 260, 263. Places of meetings, I, 211.
To settle dispute, I, 260, 376. Powers of, II, 327, 451, 470.
In Vinernta:

Summer Is_anps:
Members, I, 194, 379, 383, 448, 479, 488, Extraordinary—

489, 520. Sessions, IJ, 293, 345.
Warrant, I, 147. Geueal—

Courts. Sessions, II, 273, 300, 362, 367, 369,
EXTRAORDINARY: 389, 390.
Sessions, I, 274, 323, 331, 350, 405, 441, es
476, 500, 510, 620, 625; II, 57, 103, 122, Sessions, II, 141.
146, 225, 293, 206, 345, 364, 481, 472. a

Gunerat (ordinary): Seasions, II, 146, 157, 263.

Attendance, limited, II, 301. Ske.cleo Renedean ofGeuaiiais:
Dissolved, I, 245, 252; II, 465.

List of, I, 183. Court book, I, 245, 254, 281.
Meetings— CoNTEMPORARY COPY:
Dates, I, 211. History, I, 44, 78-81.
Methods of procedure, I, 74-75. Accuracy, I, 83-84.
Places, I, 72, 212, 215, 243, 301, 378, Contents, 1, 85-87.
382, 387. Copy refused, II, 186.
Sessions, I, 215, 218, 229, 233, 287, Error or entry, I, 430, 547; If, 174, 243,
240, 243, 247, 253, 255, 261, 276, 280, 319-820, 507.
288, 290, 292, 296, 309, 313, 316, 319, Accused by Wrote, II, 181-187, 188-195.
326, 334, 388, 364, 369, 373, 399, 409, Corrected, II, 197-214.
429, 444, 476, 498, 603, 512, 521, 526, Method of entry, I, 232, 441.
527, 530, 531, 536, 545, 553, 568, 571, Not to pass to any but principal officers, I, 621.
574, 577, 597, 605, 612, 622, 627, 631; Order of business, I, 85.
II, 33, 39, 92, 99, 101, 110, 116, 141, Record debated, I, 372, 397, 403; II, 414,
161, 179, 198, 213, 231, 268, 278, 300, 498-499.
318, 328, 334, 340, 367, 370, 378, 379, Receipt for, I, 171.
390, 434, 436, 489, 458, 460, 462, 464, System of keeping, I, 84-85.
467, 475, 477, 497, 518. See also Records.
Time, I, 228, 252, 253, 343; II, 631. Court rolls, I, 223.

INDEX 561
Covell, ——, I, 520, Cranmer, William—Continued.
Commrttxrs: Commirrers—Continued.
General, I, 468; IT, 30, 536. Tobacco—Continued.
Joint stock for glass, 1, 514. Proclamation on, I, 404.

Nominated for committee, II, 154.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
H, 160. .
Coventry, Sir Thomas (Earl), I, 162.
Freedom of Company, TI, 76.
Free and of the council, I1, 89.
Letter to Secretary Conway, I, 198.
Letter to the King, I, 180,
Coxendale, I, 155; II, 91,
Craddocke, ——.
Land, I, 460.
Orakeplace, William, I, 181.
Cranmer, William, I, 316, 324.
Adventure, I, 223, 224.
Auditor, I, 385, 467.
Auditor of the magazine accounts, I, 275, 495,
572.
Commrrrexs:
Acts of the assembly, I, 336.
Aecounts, Sir Thomas Smith, I, 418,
Sir George Somers’, I, 462.
Commodities, I, 365, 370, 413, 490.
Debts of the magazine, I, 312.
Dispatch magazine ship, I, 245, 246.
General, I, 270, 386, 467.
Goods, I, 321.
Joint stock for glass, I, 514.
Lotteries, I, 295.
Magazine, I, 371.
Message to the King, I, 357.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Proposed, I, 388, 396.
Ship criminals, I, 272.
Suspension of laws, II, 631.
Tobacco, I, 275, 291, 299, 304, 328,
Encourage towns to plant, I, 556.
16456—vor 2—06——36

Sale of, I, 294, 406.
Transportation of servants, I, 289.
Crashaw [William], I, 370.
Cratford, Charles.
land, I, 548.
Croftes, Sir Henry, I, 347.
Cross, Edward, I, 401.
Crouch, Hugh, If, 74, 457.
Crowe, John.
Patent, I, 547, 554, 662.
Cuffe, John, I, 344; II, 219, 446,
Accounts, IT, 19.
Auditor for the magazine, I, 496, 572; IT, 134.
Bookkeeper, II, 26.
Commrrress:
Provisioning of passengers, II, 440,
Suspension of laws, IT, 531.
Tobacco, sale of, II, 413.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,
117,
Culpepper, Thomas.
Adventure, IT, 389, 412.
Transferred adventure, HY, 412,
Commission, II, 262.
Customs.
Cumulative, II, 326.
Defaleations, I, 127.
Letter to King, I, 258.
On tobacco, I, 258, 275, 281-284,
Order of privy council, I, 127.
See also Tobacco.
Dale, Lady.
Patent, I, 488, 491.
To be assisted, II, 14,

562

Dale, Sir Thomas, I, 318, 338, 451; II, 396.
Letter to Sir Thomas Smith, II, 399.
Investment, I, 251.

Service of, I, 267.
Damyron (Damiron), I, 288, 482, 520.
Damport, I, 546.
Freedom of company, II, 20, 26.
Dansey, William.
Servant, IT, 532.
Danvers, Sir John, I, 81, 228, 253, 275, 316,
324, 330, 427, 456, 571, 580, 615; II, 14, 119,
302, 416, 425, 456, 466, 479.
Auditor, I, 213, 385, 467; II, 30, 491, 536.
ComMrrrrEs:
Acts of the assembly, I, 336.
Argall’s accounts, I, 324; II, 27.
Auditing accounts, IT, 417.
Berblock’s proposition, I, 347.
Brimsley’s book, I, 574.
Care of records, II, 432.
Censure of Alderman Johnson, I, 242, 244.
College, I, 231; II, 91.
Colonel in Virginia, I, 569.
Commodities, I, 370, 403, 518.
Deputies for plantation, I, 340.
Despatch magazine ship, I, 245.
Developing commodities, I, 490.
Enforced importation of commodities, I,
565.
Entering courts, II, 441.
Fishing rights, I, 322.
Fortification, I, 413.
Freedom of company, II, 278.
General, I, 365.
Instructions to governor, I, 496.
Ironworks, I, 472.
Martin’s patent, I, 596, 611.
Message to the King, I, 357; II, 487.
Message to commissioners, II, 429.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
New patent for Martin’s Hundred, I, 578.
Petition, II, 118.

INDEX

Danvers, Sir John—Continued.
Commrrrers—Continued.
Petition to King, I, 409.
Present petition to King, II, 366.
Proposed for, I, 388, 389, 390, 396.
Publication, I, 564.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Sale of land, I, 469.
Salt works, I, 318.
Sending poor to Virginia, I, 489, 555.
Sending youths to Virginia, I, 583.
Sermon, IT, 114.
Sir Thomas Smith’s accounts, I, 417.
Bumerscale’s plan, I, 365.
Tobacco, I, 275, 293, 304.
Contract, IT, 38, 128, 155, 287, 338, 388
Petition on, II, 538.
Proclamation on, I, 404.
Sale of, I, 406, 503.
To collect subscriptions, I, 533.
To draw up tobacco patent, IT, 98.
Treatise, I, 490.
Vice-admiral, I, 546.
Welden’s accounts, I, 594.
Council, I, 347.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, Ii,
159.
Freedom of company, II, 278.
Letter to King, I, 397, 398.
Patent, I, 407.
Referee for Martin’s patent, II, 10.
Salaries, II, 173.
Sumerscale’s patent, I, 398.
Darey, Gregory, II, 465.
Darey, James.
Petition for inheritance, II, 107.
Darey, Joshua.
Slain, II, 107.
Darnelly, Daniel, I, 213, 237, 481.
CoMMITTRES:
Commodities, I, 408, 518.
General, I, 270, 386, 467; II, 30.

Darnelly, Daniel—Continued.
Commirrres—Continued.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Nicholas Ferrar’s accounts, I, 576.
Proposed for, I, 390.
Dismissed from committee, II, 536.
Darris, Rebecca, II, 390.
Davis, Alice, IT, 390.
Davis, Henry, I, 331.
Davis, James.
Inheritance, IT, 389, 390.
Davis, Robert.
Petition, I, 97.
Davison, Christopher, Secretary.
CoMMITTEES:

INDEX

563

Deer stealing.

Punished, I, 212.

De Lawar, Lady, I, 219, 333, 368, 397, 523, 548,

573.
Debts due to, I, 507.
Land, I, 604, 625.
Pension, I, 299.
Tobacco of, I, 459.
Transfers land, I, 460; II, 17, 161.

De Lawar, Henry, Lord, I, 226, 285, 381, 426,

To encourage towns to plant tobacco, I,

556.
Treatise, I, 490.
Council in Virginia, I, 489.
Freedom of company, I, 489.
Letter to John Ferrar, I, 170.
Nominated assecretary for Virginia, I, 478.
Secretary of colony, I, 489.
Debtors.
Restrained from colony, I, 491.
Debts.
Of company, I, 216, 257, 262, 288.
See also Accounts.
Dawkes, Joane.
Transfers adventure, I, 407.
Dawson, Thomas.
Note for tobacco, II, 150.
Deane, Charles, I, 50.
Deane of Pauls, II, 123.
Freedom of company, II, 20, 26.
Sermon, II, 114, 119.
Declarations. Se Letters.
De Clark, John, I, 525.
Factor, I, 505.
Magazine accounts, I, 547.
Tobacco accounts, I, 570, 572.

451; II, 402, 403, 442.
Commrrrezs:
Entering courts, II, 441.
Message to King, II, 352.
Spanish tobacco, II, 388.
Council, IT, 261.
Covenant with Lord Zouch, I, 127.
Investment, I, 250.
Land, I, 378, 381.
Relation, I, 32.
Transfers shares, I, 232.
Transfers land, II, 17, 25, 161.

Delaware River, I, 509.
De Lawne, Abraham.

Land, II, 279, 295.

De Lawne, Gideon.

Land transferred, LI, 279, 296.

Delbridge, John, I, 277, 412, 573.

Adventure, I, 273.
Adventure transferred, I, 418.
CoMMITTEEs:
Deputies for plantation, 1, 340.
Council, I, 473.
Letter to Sir Ed. Sandys, I, 131.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 160.
Patent, I, 259, 267.

Dennis, John, I, 181; II, 371.

Deposition, IT, 386.
Freedom of company, I, 620.

Deputy.

Special duties, I, 235.

564

DeQuester, Mathew.
Suit with company, I, 123.
Devonshire, Earl of.
Council, I, 347.
Dickenson, Jane.
Petition to the governor and council, I, 191.
Dickenson, John, II, 469, 474, 476.
Digby, Sir John, I, 218.
Letter, I, 123.
Diggs, Sir Dudley, I, 228, 232, 376.
CoMMITTEES:
College, I, 231.
Enforced importation of commodities, I,
565.
Orders and grants, I, 215.
Proposed for, I, 391, 396.
Sending poor to Virginia, I, 489, 555.
Tobacco, I, 304.
Treatise, I, 490.
Welden’s accounta, I, 594.
Patent, I, 483, 492.
Diggs his Hundred, II, 74.
Dike, ——.
CoMMITTEES:
Present petition to king, II, 366.
Resigned, I, 629.
Usher, I, 616.
Dilke, Wm.
Patent, IJ, 132, 488, 457.
The Discourse of the Old Company of Virginia, I, 80.
Disputes in the Company, I, 99-100, 101; IT,
394-396.
Argall with Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 50-51.
Bargrave with Magazine, I, 223, 230, 231, 254,
525, 573.
Bargrave with Martin, I, 309, 312, 501, 522,
570.
Bargrave with Sir Thomas Smith, I, 158, 161,
376, 377, 496.
Brewster with Argall, I, 309, 343, 358.
Brewster acquitted, I, 360-364, 365-367.
To be reheard, [, 374, 376.

INDEX

Disputes in the Company—Continued,

Caning vs. Bargrave, I, 259.

Criticised by king, H, 216-217, 251-253.

Lady LaWarr with Captain Argall, I, 397.

Mr. Gibbs with Sir Edwin Sandys, II, 303-304,
305, 309-310, 311.

To be investigated, I, 174.

Widow Smalley with Captain Argall, LI, 50-51,
79.

With Alderman Johnson, I, 242, 243, 244.

With Captain Argall, I, 284, 285, 323, 324, 389.

With Captain Martin, I, 558, 560, 609-611,
613-615; II, 10-11, 18, 26, 43.

With Welden, I, 601-604, 606.

With Wrote, concerning court entry and sala-
ries, II, 169-177, 181-187, 188-195, 197~214,
249-259.

See also Opposition to Company.

Ditchfield, Edward, I, 213-228.
Adventure transferred, II, 413.
ComMITTrEEs:
Message to king, IJ, 371.
Present petition to king, II, 366.
Tobacco, I, 291. |
Contract, II, 38, 128.
Illegal planting of, in England, II, 100.
Importation of Spanish, II, 388, 420.
Proclamation on, I, 404,

Due from company, II, 369.

Land, II, 16.

Nominated for committee, II, 154.

Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 160.

Opposed salaries, II, 152.

Subscriber to tobacco stock, IT, 388.

Dixon, Adam.
Claim against company, I, 634.
Petition to the king, I, 43.
Dodson, Robert.
Deposition, I, 386.
Doncaster, Viscount, I, 445.
Message to the king, I, 357.

INDEX

Donne, Dr. John (Dunne).
Free and of the council, IT, 76, 89.
Letter to Sir Thomas Roe, I, 161.
Sermon, I, 161.
Dorset, Earl of, I, 59n.
Dorset, Earl of (Edward Sackville).
Council, I, 383.
Dorset, Earl of (Richard Sackville), I, 344.
Douglas, ——, I, 171.
Downe, Nicholas.
Land, IT, 161.
Downes, Edward.
Land, II, 442.
Transfers land, I, 460.
Drake, Sir Francis, I, 11.
Duke, I, 321, 339.
Dunster, Roger, I, 131.
Dutch, I, 515.
Dutch carpenters, I, 368, 372, 428.
Wives of, petition for sums due, IT, 1165.
Dyott,
Adventure, IT, 508.
Eache, Samuel, captain.
Fortifications, II, 10, 23.
Land and freedom, I, 619.
Patent, II, 20, 32.
Earle, Sir Christo., I, 341.
Earle, Martin, I, 599.
Adventure, I, 223.
Earle, Sir Walter, I, 341.
Council, I, 473.
Commrrrnzs:
Enforced importation of commodities, I,
565.
Martin’s patent, I, 561, 596.
Summer Islands, I, 375.
Referee for Martin’s patent, IT, 10.
East India box or Standish, II, 25.
East India Company, I, 541; II, 169, 230, 201.
Monopoly of trade, I, 13.
Receipt, II, 73.

East India School, IJ, 152, 540.
See also Education.
East Indies, I, 532; II, 74.
Eden, Wm., Captain, I, 160.
Education.
East Inpra Scuoon, II, 496-497.
Additional gift, I, 589.
Copland’s collection for, I, 538.
Plans for, I, 538-641, 550-551, 558-559.
Usher for, I, 600, 606-607, 616-617, 629.
Or inFipeis’ cHiLpREN, I, 257, 307, 308, 813,
314, 318, 335, 585-586; IT, 186,
Efforts defended, I, 587-589.
Plans for, I, 310,311.
Edwards, ——, I, 573; I, 501.
CoMMITTEES: =,
Commodities, I, 413.
New patent for Martin’s hundred, I, 578.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Spanish tobacco, II, 388.
To collect subscriptions, I, 533.
Nominated for committee, II, 154.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 160.
Proposition in place of tobacco contract, II,
$12,
Edwards, Arthur.
Pardon, I, 126.
Edwards, John, I, 337.
Edwards, Robert.
Adventure, II, 421, 429.
Egiocke, Sir Francis.
Enforced importation of commodities, I, 565.
Eldred, Walter, I, 330.
Elections.
Adjourned, I, 357.
For colony, I, 436, 440, 468, 479.
Held for company, I, 212, 213, 384-387, 467-
468, 473; II, 28-31, 420, 429, 535-636.
Laws suspended, II, 531-532, 535.
List of names for officers, I, 167.

566

Elections—Continued.
Message of King concerning, I, 348, 357, 384;
II, 28.
Postponed, Il, 424, 451-452, 495.
Restrained by King, I, 177.
Stayed by King, II, 450-451.
Votes cast, I, 212, 213.
Elizabeth City, I, 349.
Elisabeth Island, I, 485.
Elizabeth River, I, 402.
Elkington, John.
Land, I, 534.
Patent, I, 534.
Englebert, ——, I, 365, 370.
Epps, Wm., I, 274.
Essington, Cutbert.
Freedom as tenant, I, 508.
Essington, William, I, 213, 228, 220, 241, 286,
$12, 316, 535, 634.
Accounts, I, 630.
Auditor, I, 213.
Bargrave case, I, 525.
CoMMITTEES:
Laws and officers for Virginia, I, 216.
Magazine, I, 238.
Magazine accounts, I, 245.
Peirs’s accounta, IT, 56.
Sale of tobacco, I, 505.
Debts to company, II, 317.
Debts transferred, I, 524.
Examiner of magazine accounts, I, 263, 572,
548, 552, 563; IT, 218.
Petition to the magazine and to the King,
I, 376.
Etherington, Nathaniel.
Land, I, 630.
Evans, Hugh.
Adventure, error in, I, 581.
Land transferred, I, 590.
Ewens, William, I, 466, 497, 506.
Covenant, I, 149.
Deposition, II, 385.

INDEX

Exeter, Lord of Council, I, 218.
Explanations of signs and symbols, I, 207,
208.
Exploration, I, 504.
Faucet, Edward.
Land traneferred, I, 608.
Felgate, Tobias.
ComMITTEES:
General, II, 536.
Securities, II, 484.
Commission, II, 98.
Deposition, II, 386.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, I,
159.
Land, II, 17, 25.
Fellgate, William.
Land transferred, IT, 17, 25.
Nominated for committee, II, 154.
Patent, IT, 75, 90.
Fells, John.
Commission, IT, 430.
Fenner, John.
Warrant to trade, I, 132.
Ferrar, John, I, 149, 212, 217, 218, 231, 239, 335,
872, 385, 417, 428; II, 30, 105, 183.
Accounts, I, 457, 470, 487, 557; II, 19, 426, 427. .
Accounts audited, I, 593.
Auditor, I, 218, 385, 467; II, 30, 491, 536.
Commrrress:
Acts of the assembly, I, 336.
Bargrave’s treatise, I, 444.
Censure of Alderman Johnson, I, 242, 244.
Children, I, 300; II, 90.
College, I, 231; II, 91.
Commodities, I, 403, 413, 518.
Copeland’s gift, I, 533.
Copeland’s ministry, II, 49.
Deputies for plantation, I, 340.
Despatch magazine ship, I, 245.
Developing commodities, I, 490.
Education of infidels’ children, I, 307.
Goods, I, 321.

INDEX

Ferrer, John—Continued. Ferrar, John—Continued.
Commerrrers—Continned. Security for debta, IT, 23.
Instructions to governor, I, 496. Sumerscale’s patent, I, 398.
Iron works, I, 472. To receive payment, I, 632.
Joint stock for glaas, I, 514. To take up debts of the magazine, I, 624.
Magazine, I, 241, 371. Treasurer of joint stock for supplies, I, 273.
Martin’s patent, I, 611, 636. ¥errar, Nicholas, I, 151, 223, 335, 368.
Method of petitions, II, 112. Accounts, II, 416, 428, 444.
Newce’s patent, I, 436, 448. Accounts of fur stock, II, 15.
Peirs’ accounts, I, 56. Accused of wrong entry, IT, 174, 188, 224.
Proposed for, I, 388, 389, 390. Argall’s accounts, II, 27.
Publication, I, 407, 564. Bargrave’s treatise, I, 444.
Sale of land, I, 469. Brinsley’s book, I, 574.
Sending youths to Virginia, I, 583. Children to go to Virginia, II, 90.
Ship criminals, I, 272. Colonel in Virginia, I, 569.
Sumerscale’s plan, I, 365. Copeland’s gift, I, 533.
Suspension of laws, I, 531. Copeland’s ministry, II, 49.
Tobacco, I, 304. Entering courts, H, 441.
Contract, II, 38, 128, 333. General, I, 386, 467.
Proclamation, I, 404. Instructions to governor, I, 496.
To draw up patent, IT, 98. Ironworks, I, 472.
To encourage towns to plant, I, 556. Land patents, I, 492.
Sale of, I, 406. Martin’s patent, I, 561, 611, 636.
Spanish, joint stock, II, 388. Method of petitions, II, 112.
To collect subscriptions, I, 533. Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Welden’s accounts, I, 594. Peirs’ accounts, LI, 56.
Councillor, I, 227. Petitions, II, 118, 362.
Deputy, I, 213, 385, 473. Proposed for, I, 396.
Deputy of tobacco contract, IT, 154. Provisioning of passengers, II, 440.
Due from company, II, 417. Publication, I, 564.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, I, Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
159. Secretary, I, 484.
Land, I, 31, 480. Sermon, IT, 114.
Land indenture, I, 490-491. Summer’s accounts, I, 462.
Land transferred, II, 122, 243, 205. Tobacco contract, II, 38, 128, 302, 3338.
Magazine accounts, I, 287. To draw up patent, II, 98.
Patent, I, 407. Illegal planting of, in England, IT, 100.
Peririons: Proclamation, I, 404.
Against Tucker and Gates, IT, 104. Sale of, I, 406; II, 503.
For release of, II, 433. Spanish, II, 388.
Quietus est, I1, 419, 426-427. Vice-admiral, I, 546.

568

Ferrar, Nicholas—Continued.
Council, I, 473.
Deputy, II, 29, 117, 536.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 159.
Land, I, 608; II, 507, 515.
List of adventurers, I, 172.
Petition to king, II, 541.
Petition for release of, LI, 433.
Quietus est, II, 444, 454-455, 507, 515-516.
Referee for Martin’s patent, II, 10.
To receive payment, I, 632.
To take up the debts of the magazine, I, 624,
627, 629.
Treasurer for glassworks, I, 514, 575, 583.
ToBacco:
Contract, treasurer, II, 145, 154.
Estimates, I, 172.
Warrant for accounts, I, 149.
Ferrar papers, I, 22, 54.
Contents, I, 60-61.
Described, I, 59-60.
History of, I, 59.
Finances. See Accounta.
Finch, Heneag.
Free of company, ITI, 76.
Free and of the council, II, 89.
Fitch, Joseph, I, 149.
Fitzjeffories.
Patent, H, 345.
Fishing.
North coast, I, 401, 410, 414, 474.
ConTROVERSY:
Concerning rights, I, 277, 285, 321, 322,
329, 339, 340, 397, 428.
Decided against southern colony, I, 410,
411.
Petition to king, I, 411, 416.
Voyages, I, 158, 534; I], 116, 156, 262, 334,
449.
Fleet, Henry.
Journal, I, 146.

INDEX

Fleete, Katherine.

Land, II, 93.
Fleete, William.

Land transferred, IT, 93.
Fletcher, James.

Adventure, II, 505, 508.
Flinton, Pharao.

Petition, II, 16.
Flowerdue, II, 383.
Floyde, David.

Adventure and land, I, 426.
Fogg, Ralph.

Adventure, I, 419; land, I, 500.
Force, Peter.

Tracts and Other Papers relating principally to
the Origin, Settlement, and Progress of the
Colonies in North America. 4¥v. Washing-
ton, 1844. I, 34.

Fortescue, Henry, captain.
Recovers debts, I, 543.
Fotherby, Henry, I, 386.

Debts, I, 523.

Secretary, I, 213.
Fothergill, James.

Land and adventure, II, 218.
Foxton, Elias, I, 341.

OComMITrses:

Acts of the assembly, I, 341.
Referee for Martin’s patent, II, 10.
France, I, 431, 483.
Franck, William, I, 315.
Francke, Arthur, I, 315.
Frank, Daniel, I, 155.
Franke, Richard, I, 315, 485.
Freake, Joyce.
Adventure, I, 412.
Land, I, 509.
¥Freake, Sir Thomas.
Accounts and will, I, 462.

INDEX

Freedom.
OF cCoMPANY:
Defined by message from king, II, 434-
435, 437.
Desired for service, I, 264.
Granted, I, 446, 459, 489, 521, 532, 551,
559, 599, 619, 620; II, 20, 26, 73, 74, 76,
89, 362; 391, 421, 429, 508.
Granted for residence, I, 330, 407.
How gained, I, 264, 592; II, 508.
Limited by king, I, 172, 178.
New proposition for restraining, II, 275-
279, 414, 424,
Or THe cotony, I, 378, 402, 497, 509, 522, 544.
French Vignerons, I, 627.
French, Ursula, I, 634; II, 529.
Frenchmen, I, 504, 515.
Frethorne, Richard, I, 169.
Letter to Bateman, I, 165.
Furzeman, George.
Adventure, IT, 505, 508, 533, 638.
Freedom of company, II, 533.
Gaile, Robert.
Petition, I, 536.
Garrett, George.
Land, I, 243.
Garway, Sir William.
Indebted to company, I, 628.
Gate, Timothy.
Letter to William Tracy I, 144.
Gates, Henry.
Accounts questioned, II, 104.
Gates, Sir Thomas, I, 232, 318, 317, 322, 372, 451.
ComMMITTEREs:
Censure of Alderman Johnson, I, 242, 244.
Magazine, I, 241.
Tobacco customs, I, 248.
Instructions from company, I, 122.
Investment, I, 251.
Service of, I, 267.
Transfers adventure, I, 319.

Gay, James.
Apprentice, I, 419.

Gay, William, I, 419.

Gibbens, James.
Adventure, II, 362.

Gibbens, John.
Adventare, II, 362.

Gibbes, Edmund, I, 330.

Gibbes, Thomas, I, 304, 324, 330, 467; II, 178, 586.
Accounts of maids’ stock, II, 15.
Auditor, IT, 30.

ComMrrrrEs:
Acts of the assembly, I, 386.
Argall’s accounts, IT, 27.
Argoll business, I, 324.
Bargrave’s treatise, I, 444.
Berblock’s propositions, I, 347.
Brinsley’s book, I, 574.
Children to go to Virginia, II, 90.
College, IT, 91.
Colonel in Virginia, I, 569.
Commodities, I, 370, 518.
Copeland’s gift, I, 583.
Copland’s ministry, II, 49.
Dispatch magazine ship, I, 246.
Education of infidel’s children, I, 307.
Entering courts, II, 441.
Fortification, I, 413.
General, I, 365.
Instructions to governor, I, 496.
Land patents, I, 492.
Laws and officers, for Virginia, I, 216.
Magazine, I, 241.
Martin’s patent, I, 561, 596, 611.
Message to the King, I, 357.
Method of petitions, II, 112.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
New patent for Martin’s Hundred, I, 578,
Nicholas Ferrar’s accounts, I, 576.
Patent, I, 436.
Petitions, II, 118.
Present petition to King, I, 366.

570

Gibbes, Thomas—Continued.
Commirrers—Continued.
Proposed for, I, 390.
Publication, I, 407, 564.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Secretary, I, 484.
Sending youths to Virginia, I, 583.
Sumerscale’s plan, I, 365.
Survivals of massacre, IT, 94.
Tobacco, I, 291, 304.
Contract, II, 38, 128, 155, 237.
Patent, IT, 98.
Proclamation, I, 404.
Sale of tobacco, I, 406.
Spanish, II, 388, 420.
To encourage towns to plant, I, 656.
To collect subscriptions, I, 533.
To write to Yeardley, I, 330.
Transportation of children, I, 287.
Treaties, 1, 490.
Usher to Virginia, I, 600.
Vice-admiral, I, 546.
Council, I, 302.
Defends Wrote, IT, 194.
Intimidation of company, II, 303-304, 305,
309-310, 811.
Referee for Martin’s patent, II, 10.
Sumerscale’s patent, I, 398.
Gifford, —~.
Land, I, 378.
Nominated for committee, I, 154.
ComMMITTEE:
Tobaceo contract, II, 154.
Gifts.
Bestowed, I, 318, 319, 420, 508.
Received, I, 247, 278, 307, 308, 313, 316, 335,
421, 582, 588, 545, 580, 589; II, 25, 135, 136.
Reported, I, 353, 354.
Gilbert, Sir Humphrey, I, 11, 12.
Girls. See Women,
Glover, Jane.
Petition for inheritance, II, 106.

INDEX

Golde, Isaac, I, 414;
Land, I, 548.
Goldsmith, Henry Rowland,
Adventure, I, 426.
Goldsmith, Thos., II, 50.

Petition against Yeardley, II, 113, 119.

Land, I, 604.
Gookin, Daniell, I, 420.

Cattle, I, 501, 535, 618, 626.

ComMITTEES:

Survivals of massacre, II, 94.

Land, 1, 89.

Patent, I, 502, 554, 562; II, 75, 90.

Youths, I, 626.

Gore, Ealph, I, 213.
Gorges, Sir Ferdinando, I, 53, 277, 324.
Gosnold, Anthony.

Land, I, 641.

Patent, I, 542.

Transfers land, I, 542.
Gosnold, Robt.

Land, I, 542.

Graves, Thos.

Patent, IT, 132.
Gravesend, IJ, 371, 465.
Gray, John.

Transfers adventure, I, 381.
Green, William.

Adventure, I, 408.

Deposition, IT, 386.
Greenway, I, 372.

Greevovs Grones for the Poore, I, 145.
Grindall, ——.

Land assigned, II, 95.
Grindon, ——.

Witness against Martin, II, 43.
Gringby, Stephen, I, 181.
Grocer, John, I, 408.

Grocer, Susan, I, 408
Grosan, William.
Adventure transferred, II, 327.

INDEX

Guest house, I, 513; II, 382.
Guildhall, I, 287.

Gulstone, Theodore, Dr. (Gulson), I, 234, 523.

Adventure, I, 280, 281.
ComMITTEEs:
College, I, 231.
Commodities, I, 403, 518.
Laws and officers for Virginia, I, 216.
Welden’s accounts, I, 594.
Council, I, 379, 383.
Gunston, Widow.
Petition, I, 520.
Guyer, Robert.
Letter to Sir Francis Wyatt, I, 189.
Patent, I, 414.
Petition to Sir Francis Wyatt, I, 191.
Haberly, James.
Patent, II, 218, 262.
Hackett, Edmond, I, 341; Il, 479.
Adventure transferred, I, 508.

Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,

159.

Hackluit, Edward.

Transfers adventure, I, 497.
Hackwell, ——.

CoMMITTEE:

Revision of laws and orders, I, 618,

Hall, ——, attorney, I, 616.
Hall, John.

Letter to Sir Francis Wyatt, I, 192.
Hall, William.

Suit with company, I, 123, 124.
Halsey, John, I, 372.
Hamborough, I, 368; LI, 115.
Hammersly, Alderman, II, 28, 542.

Adventure, II, 413.
Hamford, ——.

Auditor, I, 386.

Nominated for treasurer by King, IT, 28.
Hamilton, Lord Marquesse.

Free of company, II, 76.

Free and of the council, II, 89.
Hamond, Susan, I, 331.

571
Hamor, Ralph, Captain I, 155, 160, 419, 509;
II, 104.
Land, I, 619, 625.
Letter from, H, 115.
Patent, I, 492.

A Trvz Discournsr oF THE Present Estate oF
VIRGINIA AND THE SUCCESSE OF THE AFFAIRES
THERE TILL THE 18 oF JuneE, 1614, ete. Lon-

don, 1615. I, 82.
Handford, Humphrey, I, 226, 229; II, 260.

Auditor for Sir Thomas Smith’s accounts, I,

217.

Elected nominee for treasurer, II, 29.

Land transferred, II, 262.
Harding, Mathias.

Adventure, II, 505, 508.
Harley, Robert.

Land, II, 243.

Harmoun, Charles.

Petition, I, 163.
Harper, ——.

Transfers adventure, I, 378.
Harris, Thomas, I, 344.
Harrison, Edward.

Transfers adventure, I, 419.
Harrison, George.

Assigned land, I, 146.

Letter to John Harrison, I, 164.
Harrison, John, I, 181.

Land, I, 599.

Hart, John.
Commission, H, 465.
Land, I, 460.

Harteastle, Thomas.

Petition, I, 461.

Harvey, John, Captain.

Adventure, I, 419.

Commission, II, 463.

ComMMITTRE:

Spanish tobacco, II, 388.

Controversy with governor and assembly, I,

189, 190.
Letter to Sir Nathaniel Rich, I, 192.

572 INDEX

Harvey, John, Captain—Continued. Herbert, Edward—Continued.
Letter to Sir Francis Wyatt, I, 191. * Comarrrens:
Patent, II, 75, 90. Acts of the assembly, I, 341. |
Petition to Sir Francis Wyatt, I, 189. Care of recorda, II, 432. |

Harwell, Frank.

Land inherited, I, 597.

Harwell, Francis.
Patent, II, 15, 20, 32.

Harwood, Sir Edward, I, 251.
ComMiTTEE:

Orders and grants, I, 215.

Haughton, Lord, II, 26, 31.

CoMMITTEE:
Management under tobacco contract, IT,
128.
Council, I, 379, 383.

Hawes, Nicholas, I, 562.

Claims against company, I, 626.
Claim disallowed, I, 629.
Commission to trade, I, 548.
Petition for land, I, 546.

Haverd, Lazarus, I, 419.

Hazell, ——, Captain, I, 594, 609.
Petition against the company, II, 40.
Petition to King, I, 78.

Heath, Sir Robert, I, 296, 303.
ComMItTTEEs:

Argoll business, I, 324.
Proposed for, I, 396.
Council, I, 302.
Letter to the Duke of Buckingham, I, 198.
LErreErs:
To Sir Robert Harley, I, 194.
The King, I, 180.
Secretary Conway, I, 198.
Patent, I, 562.

Hening, W. W.,

Statutes at Large, 1, 50n, 51n, 53n.

Henrico., I, 155, 349; II, 375, 384.
College land, I, 220.

Herbert, Edward, I, 330, 384, 445; II, 185, 193.
Adventure, I, 281.

Fishing rights, I, 322.
Martin’s patent, I, 56, 596.
Message to the King, I, 357.
Proposed for, I, 389, 395.
Sale of land, I, 469.
To write to Yeardley, I, 330.
To draw up tobacco patent, II, 98.
Trial of Captain Argoll, I, 284.
Council, I, 473.
Sumerscale’s patent, I, 398.
Hext, Sir Edward.
Letter to Privy Council, I, 130.
Hickford, Henry.
Adventure, I, 378.
Transfers adventure, I, 378.
Hickman, BE.
Attested manuscripts, I, 43.
Hide, Sir Lawrence, I, 259; II, 185.
ComMirtExs:
Enforced importation of commodities, I,
565.
Entering courts, I, 441.
Message to the King, I, 357.
Tobacco, I, 304.
Council, II, 261.
Hillary, Chris.
Patent, II, 75, 90.
Hillary Term, I, 299.
Hilton, Anthony.
Letter to his mother, I, 173.
Hitch, Henry.
Deposition, II, 386.
Hitch, John.
Land, II, 93.
Hobbs, ——.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 159.
Land, 1, 40.

INDEX

Hobson, John.
Patent, I, 414.
Hodges, Thomas, I, 330.
Hodgson, John.
Adventure, I, 223.
Hogg Island, I, 308.
Hole, ——, I, 262.
Holland, II, 305.
Holloway, —, I, 315, 368
Hopkins, .
Minister, I], 76.
Horne, I, 504.
Horwood, Sir Edw.
CoMMITTEES:
Petition to king, IT, 362.
Council in Virginia, I, 479.
Petition, I, 97.
House of Commons.
Heads of speech in, I, 192.
Petition to King, II, 540.
Petition to King on tobacco, I, 194.
Petition for Virginia, I, 193.
Petitioned by company, IT, 537.
House of Lords, I, 193.
Acta, I, 146, 14/.
Howes, Edmund.

Rewarded for mention of company in chroni-

cles, I, 16.
Hubbard, Bridgett.

Petition for inheritance, II, 106.
Huddlestone, ——, I, 370.
Hudson, John.

Banished from colony, I, 125.
Hudson River, I, 504.

Hughes, Lewis, II, 406-408.
Humble, Peter.

Adventure transferred, IT, 421, 429.
Hun, Edmund.

Land, II, 122.

Huntington, Earl of.
Council, I, 383.

Huntleye, Sir George.
Suit with company, I, 123, 124.
Hurd, Edward.
Land, II, 91.
Patent, II, 412.
Hutchinson, Henry.
Land, T, 619.
Hyde, Nicholas.
Council, I, 473.
Indian corn, II, 382.
Indians, IT, 93, 395.
Trade with, I, 493.
Maids, I, 485, 496.
Ingram, Sir Arthur, II, 120, 138, 162.
Sole importation of tobacco, II, 36.
Instructions.
To the company from King, I, 222.
To Berkeley Hundred, I, 135
To George Yeardley, I, 130
See also Plantations
Iotan, II, 483.
Ipswich, town of.
Adventure in Virginia voyage, I, 122.
Patent, I, 418.
Ireby, Anthony.
Land claimed, I, 599.
Ireland, I, 529, 535; II, 326.
Ireland, John, I, 155.
Isle of Wight Plantation, I, 414
Italians, I, 493, 512, 566.
Italy, I, 431, 483.
Jacobb, Abraham, I, 258, 264, 272, 275, 276, 281-
284, 328, 530, 531.
Collector of customs on tobacco, I, 182.
Receipt for tobacco, 1, 127.
Jacobb, John.
Collector of customs on tobacco, I, 132.
Jacobson, James.
Land, II, 17, 25.
Jacobson, Phillipp.
Land transferred, II, 17, 25.
Jadwin, Thomas, J, 501.

574

James City, I, 308, 337, 349; II, 381, 383.
Jameson, J. Franklin, I, 50.
Jamestown, II, 400.
Jarrat, William.

Tenant, I, 419.
Jefferies, Robert.

Land, I, 625.
Jefferson, ——, I, 424.

Witness against Captain Martin, I, 43.
Jefferson, Thomas, MSS. letters, I, 42, 52.
Jefferson Library.

Contents, I, 42-43.

Where obtained, I, 43-46.

Jeggon, Bishop of Norwich. See Bishops.
Jemison, George, I, 182.

Jenings, Anthony, I, 547.

Jenkinson, ——-, haberdasher, I, 401.
Jermyn, Phillip, I, 372, 492.

CommrrrEEs:

Martin’s patent, I, 561, 596, 611, 636.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.

Petition, I, 607.

Proposed, I, 395.

Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Sale of land, I, 469.

To draw up tobacco patent, II, 98.

Council, II, 19, 26.

Referee for Martin’s patent, II, 10.

John Oarter Brown Library.
Americana, I, 55.
Johnson, Robert, Alderman, I, 151, 178, 212,
213, 219, 228, 281, 235, 237, 320, 339, 343,
876, 573, 620; II, 165, 220, 306, 394, 402,
403, 409, 414, 536.
Accounts, IT, 134.
Administration approved by Lord Treasurer,
Hy, 319.

Censure of, I, 138, 184, 242, 248, 244.

ComMrrreEs:

Despatch magazine ship, I, 245.
Gooda, I, 321.

Martin’s Hundred, I, 239.
Orders and grants, I, 215.

INDEX

Johnson, Robert, Alderman—Continued.
Commrrress—Continued.
Present petition to King, Il, 366.
Survivals of massacre, II, 94.
Tobacco contract, II, 302.
Tobacco customs, I, 245.
Spanish tobacco, IT, 388.
Debts, IT, 219.
Debts to company, I, 317.
Debts transferred, I, 524.
Declaration, I, 163.
Director of magazine, I, 238, 242, 244.
Excluded from great committee, II, 377.
Letters to De Lawar and Argall, II, 51-55.
Letters to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 140.
Lord Cavendish’s speech on, I, 166.
Magazine, I, 328, 365.
Nominated by King for treasurer, I, 348.
Notes for Declaration, I, 168.
On salaries, II, 269.
Petition answered, II, 363, 393-397.
Petition to King, I, 168, 169; II, 346, 372-374.
Petition ve. Company, IT, 392.
Propositions on salaries, IT, 269.
Purchased sassafras, I, 525.
Suit with Bargrave, I, 616.
To be discussed, II, 376-377
Tobacco, I, 328.
Johnson, Edward.
Adventure inherited, II, 49.
CoMMITTEE:
Importation of Spanish tobacco, H, 388.
Nominated director, II, 272.
Patent, II, 75, 90.
Johnson, Jane, I, 525.
Johnson, John.
Master of the Bona Nova, I, 218.
Johnson, Tobias.
Patent, I, 534.
Joint stocks.

Management of, II, 228.
See Magazine; also, Accounts.

INDEX

Jones, ——, I, 468.
CoMMITTEEs:
General, I, 386.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Jones, Sir Francis.
Land transferred, I, 599.
Jones, Sir Henry.
Adventure, I, 281.
Jones, Thomas.
Freedom of company, II, 93.
Jordan, Samuel.
Land, II, 74, 89.
Jourdan, Mrs., II, 519.
Kendall, Miles, Captain, I, 395, 407.
Letter to Sir Ed. Sandys, I, 170.
Keightley, Thomas (Kightley), I, 213, 226, 229,
286, 291, 324, 385; II, 219.
Auditor, I, 385, 467; II, 30, 536.
Auditor of the magazine accounts, I, 275,
495, 572.
Auditor for Sir Thomas Smith’s accounts, I,
217.
Com™rrrexs:
Argall’s accounte, II, 27.
Commodities, I, 413.
Education of infidel’s children, I, 307.
Fishing rights, I, 322.
Goods, I, 321.
Joint stock for glass, I, 514.
Laws and officers for Virginia, I, 216.
Message to the King, I, 357.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
New patent for Martin’s hundred, I, 578.
Patent, I, 436.
Peira’ accounts, Ii, 56.
Petition, II, 118.
Proposed for, I, 388, 389.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Sir Thomas Smith’s accounts, I, 418.
Ship criminals, I, 272.
Tobacco, I, 291, 293, 209, 304.
Sale of, I, 297.
Trial of Captain Argall, I, 284.

575

Keightley, Thomas (Kightley )—Continued.

Council, I, 379, 383.

Magazine accounts, I, 287, 582.

Kelly, John.
Adventure, I, 426.
Kempe, William.

Petition to the King, II, 43.
Eentishmen, patent granted, I, 232.
Kerridge, Thomas, II, 73.

Land and freedom, II, 73, 89.
Kettleby, —.

Explorer, I, 502.

Kiddar, Thomas, I, 401.
Kightley, Thomas. See Keightley, Thomas.
Killigrew, Sir Robert, I, 80; II, 228, 302.
CoMMITTERS:
Care of records, II, 4382.
Freedom of company, II, 278.
Message to commissioners, II, 429.
Petition to king, II, 409.
Proposed for, I, 390.
Tobacco contract, I, 333.

Council, TI, 259.

Freedom of company, II, 278.
Kiquotan, I, 349; II, 381, 383.

King, I, 220.

Appoints receiver of king’s renta in Virginia,
II, 178.

Commission to governor, I, 199.

Confiscates records, I, 108-111.

Criminals to be transported, I, 271, 287.

Criticises faction in company, II, 216, 217.

Desires liberty of speech in company, II,
247-248, 251-253.

His Majesties Gracious Letter to the Earle of
South-Hampton, Treasurer, and to the Coun-
cell and Company of Virginia heere; com-
manding the present setting up of Silke-works,
and planting of Vines in Virginia. And the
Letter of the Treasurer, Councell, and Com-
pany to the Governor and Councell of State
there, for the atrict execution hie Majesties
Royall Commands herein. Also a Treatise of

576 INDEX

EKing—Continued. Kirbie, Edward—Continued.
the Art of making Silk: Or directions for the CoMMITTRES:
making of lodgings, and the breeding, nour- General, II, 536.
ishing, and ordering of Silk wormes, and for Provisioning of passengers, IT, 440.
the planting of Mulbery trees, and all other Lake, John.
things belonging to the Silke art. And in the Land, I, 534.
end, @ Conelusion with sundry profitable Patent, I, 534.
remonstrances to the Colonies. . . . By Lamb, John, I, 372.
John Bonoeil, Frenchman. London, 1682,1, Lambe, Richard, I, 372.
168. Land.
Lerrens: Assigned, 1, 146, 315, 485, 509; II, 97, 107.

To company, I, 156, 175, 176; II, 102. College, officers for, I, 332, 340, 349, 379, 382.
To House of Commons, I, 193.

' : Common:
Concerning elections, I, 177. Amount, I, 268.
Messaces: I, 212. Condition of, I, 256, 267.
On action of commission, I, 177. How settled, I, 255.
a ty J
Concerning elections, I, 348, 357; II, 28, Location of, I, 268.
Sheth, Ale !' _ Officers for, I, 332, 340, 371, 379, 382.
Concerning Captain Martin’s patent, II, Officers’ tenants, I, 456, 457, 466, 501, 549.
34. Planters for, I, 226, 230, 255.
Concerning tobacco contract, II, 121. Proposed for officers, I, 234, 332, 333, 344,
New patent for company, I, 438, 445. 349, 427
s : ;
Oaths of allegiasien; I, 121. Revenue of, I, 256, 262, 267.
Offer of farming tobacco, 1, 290; LI, 36-87. Settlers, I, 220.

Opposition to tobacco, I, 480.

Tenants of, I, 268, 293, 419.
Order to Bishop, I, 163.

Plans for, I, 391.

Proclamation forbidding lotteries on behalf of orm of patent, I, 190.

Virginia. 1620, I, 146, 200, 204. cree
Frodinnantinnconamamiaggpiiaees-Alitegly) Se: Adventurers, I, 273, 274, 289, 296, 297,
Proclamations on tobacco, I, 137, 206. 308, 308, 541; II, 16, 90, 145, 511.
Relations with company, I, 101-108, 107-109. For adventures for maids, II, 15, 26.
Dapeat-on tottemiamic, gaia For commodities, I, 518, 557; II, 484, 517.
Restsiia.veiee inthe conapeng, Ul, Aidedis; For debts of company, I, 419, 428, 598.

am, For East India achool, I, 550, 559.
Suggestions for letter to colony, I, 171. For governor, I, 455.

Supplies to colony, II, 458-459. For investment in lottery, I, 16.
King’s Bench, II, 478. For officers of colony, I, 314, 315, 431,
Kirby, John. 447, 453, 454, 494, 549, 558, 617.

Land, I, 548. For personal adventure, I, 233, 330, 331,
Kirbie, Edward. 426, 497, 509.

Freedom of company, I, 407. For planters, I, 330; II, 480, 511, 532.

INDEX

Land—Continued.
Grantep—Continued.
For service, I, 214, 251, 263, 274, 315, 380,
381, 383, 384, 427, 459, 469, 470, 487,
532, 551, 559, 580, 590, 599, 619; LI, 31,
82, 73, 74, 89, 90, 135, 480, 488, 489, 490-
491 (indentures); 497, 507, 516 (inden-
ture).
For Summer Islands, I, 425, 430; II, 158-
159.
Tenants with freedom, I, 402; II, 101.
Grants sealed, I, 299; II, 530.
How granted, I, 249, 424; II, 276.
Large grants, I, 250.
Ownership of, I, 71.
Particular plantations (societies), I, 314, 347,
354.
Peopling of, I, 250.
Promised to children, I, 293, 304-307.
Refused because of debt, H, 508.
Requested, I, 217, 264, 415, 434, 474, 546; II,
442.
Right to grant in company only, II, 94.
Standing orders, I, 249.
Transferred, I, 341, 364, 378, 434, 460, 581,
590, 597, 598,599; IT, 89, 91, 93, 161, 217,
218, 243, 295, 497, 509, 611.
Underselling of gift, prohibited, I, 469.
Land of Henricus, II, 91.
Landman, ——, I, 541.
Langley, ——, I, 171.
Commission, II, 99.
Lathum, Thomas.
Land, II, 217.
Launce, ——, minister.
Freedom of company, IT, 74, 89.
Lawarre, Lord. See De Lawar, Lord.

Lawley, Sir Edward, I, 341.
Council, I, 473.
Lawn, Christopher, Captain, I, 255, 414.
“Claim against company, I, 600.
Executors of will of, I, 381.
16456—voL_ 2—06——-37

577

Lawrence, John, I, 372.
Laws and Orders, I, 263, 266, 380; II, 163-164.
Amended, I, 301-304, 374; II, 414-416, 424-
425.
Ordered printed, I, 374, 380, 383, 552, 563,
618; II, 225.
Suspended, II, 531-532.
Leach, ——.
Council in Virginia, I, 520.
Freedom of company, IJ, 20, 26.
Leat, Nicholas, I, 294, 297.
Debts, II, 219.
Debts to company, II, 318.
Elected nominee for deputy, II, 29.
Minister, I, 575, 581, 591.
Nominated for deputy by king, I, 28.
Leeke, ——, Captain.
Council in Virginia, I, 569, 571.
Denied colonelship, I, 571.
Leeke, Symond.
Patent, I, 554, 562.
Leete, ——.
Debts transferred, I, 524.
Leigh, Lawrence
Land, I, 584.
Patent, I, 534.
Leicester, II, 27.
Limpanie, Robert, I, 608.
Leninge, ——. .
Patent, I, 547, 554, 562.
Lenox, Duke of, I, 416.
Letters.
ANSWEES, DECLARATIONS, ETC:
Answer to Nathaniel Butler’s Unmasking
of Virginia by the Company, II, 164, 178,
397-399.
Answer to Alderman Johnson’s petition,
by the Company, IJ, 393-397.
Declarations by Company—Inconveni-
ences, I, 152.
Declaration of causes of dissension, by
Company, II, 400-409, 432-433.

578 INDEX

Letters—Continued.
ANSWERS, DECLARATIONS, ETc.—Continued.

Letters—Continued.
GOVERNOR AND COUNCIL IN VIRGINIA TO:

Declaration of plantation by planters,
I, 196.

Declaration of present state of Virginia,
by the Company, I, 348-351, 392.

Declaration of state of colony, answered,
Lyel72:

Note of shipping, II, 496.

Reasons to King, on limitation of freedom
of Company, I, 175.

Relation of proceedings of the companies,

Capt. Tucker, I, 186.

Company, I, 35, 97-98, 146, 153, 154, 155,
163, 169, 188, 192, 203, 229, 310, 320,
410, 613; IT, 478, 482-483, 486-487, 519.

King, I, 194, 298.

Magazine, I, 241.

Kina anp Privy CovunciL To:

Company, I, 203, 218, 594-595; IT, 202, 500.
Governor and council in Virginia, I, 172.
Lord Delaware, I, 128.

by the Company, I, 170; II, 352-362, MAGAZINE TO THE COMPANY, I, 227.
392. Notes from, I, 177.
ANONYMOUS TO THE COMPANY: I, 247, 248,307, Letters Patents, I, 222, 245, 249, 277.
308, 545, 585-586. Cited, TI, 325.
Governor Argall to Bermuda Hundred, List of names in, I, 137.
I, 127. New:
To Company, I, 128. Approved by company, I, 443.
Assembly to Privy Council, I, 189. Discussed, I, 445-446, 450.
ComMPANY TO: Proposed, I, 438, 442-444; II, 469.
Opinion as to powers, J, 140.
Rights of land, I, 12.
Righta of government, I, 12
See also Charters.

Commissioners for Virginia, II, 429-430,
438, 505, 507, 617.

Governor and Council in Virginia, I, 133,
149, 150, 151, 156, 159, 160, 173, 176,
180, 188, 239, 330, 332, 336, 433, 502; Levellis, Arthur, II, 218.

printed, II, 102; ordered, II, 365; ap- Patent, II, 218, 262.
proved, II, 369; referred to King, II, Leveson, Thomas.
371-372, 379; amended, II, 387, 509-510. Adventure, error in, I, 581
King, I, 176, 275, 376, 377, 397; I1, 31-32; Commission, I, 622.
41-42, 437. ” Patent, I, 579, 584.
Answer to King concerning supplies, Leveson, William.
II, 459-460, 461, 463. Suit with company, I, 124.
Answer concerning surrender of Ley, ——.
charter, I, 471, 475. Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,
Lord Mayor, I, 270, 271. 159.
Mayor of Leicester, I, 129. Library of Congress.
Mayor of Salisbury, I, 125, 129. Catalogue, 1880, I, 42.
Privy Council, I, 177, 183, 528-529, 531- Recent transcripts, Virginia records, I, 41-42.
532, 613-615; II, 325-327. See also Records.
Ralph Winwood, I, 122. Lichfield, Bishop of, I, 220.
Walloons and French, I, 149. Lincoln, Earl of, I, 220.

INDEX 579

Magazine—Continued.
Accounts—Continued.

Lincolns Inn, I, 262.
Lingelbach, W. E., The Merchant Adventurers of

England, I, 18n.
Transfers adventure, I, 419
Lodge, Joyce.
Land, I, 497.
Longe, Elias, I, 634; II, 529.
Lord Commissioners for the Treasury, I, 292.
Petition to, I, 245.
Lord Keeper, I, 580, 582, 616.
Lord Mayor of London, I, 259.
Lord Treasurer, II, 162.
Deposition, I, 387.
Signed contract, II, 264.
Lotteries, I, 93, 94, 269.
Accounts, I, 223, 257.
Adventurers, I, 295.
Extended, I, 216, 279.
Letters concerning, I, 124, 129.
Order of Privy Council, I, 124.
Prizes, I, 223, 235, 295, 335.
Proclamation suspending, I, 146.
Publication, I, 412.
See also Accounts, Lotteries.
Lowe Countries, I, 327.
Lower, Sir Nich.
Adventure, II, 39.
Loyde, John.
Apprentice, I, 171.
Luntius, J.
Letter to Sir Ralph Winwood, I, 124.
Lynn, IT, 438.
Lynsell, Augustine, I, 344.
Madison, Isaac, Captain, 1, 336, 434; II, 115.
Transported, I, 508.
, Maddox, Thomas.
Transfers adventure, I, 418.
Magazine, J, 98, 246, 287, 324.
AccoUNTS:
Old magazine, I, 246, 260, 268, 293, 525,
536, 547, 552, 668, 582, 632; II, 132-135.

Audited, I, 275, 286, 495, 505, 548, 572.
Plans for, I, 2388.
Report on, II, 218-219, 317.
With Chamber of London, I, 288.
With general stock, I, 239, 241, 244, 245,
272, 871.
With Martin’s Hundred, Il, 132.
With Smith’s Hundred, I, 245, 287.
Bills of exchange, I, 287.
Committees for, I, 241, 246, 276, 316.
Debts of, I, 312, 365, 525.
Disputed by Alderman Johnson, I, 241.
Disso.ution:
Determined, I, 293, 303.
Discussed, I, 272, 286.
Goods, I, 276, 294, 303.
Sale of, I, 328.
Government, I, 204.
Meretine or Apventurers, I, 242, 524-525.
Officers elected, I, 238.
Place of meeting, I, 228, 235, 287, 242,
252, 254, 376.
Reply to petition of Bargrave, I, 151.
Suir:
Committee to dispatch, 1, 245, 246.
Returned from Virginia, I, 240.
Sprcrat (joint stock) :
SPECIAL:
Bringing in Spanish tobacco, II, 156, 163,
164, 166-168, 221, 222, 269, 387-888, 389,
411, 420.
Glassworks, I, 613-514, 565-566, 592.
Sending maids to Virginia, I, 514, 566,
583, 596; II, 15, 26.
Shipwrights and carpenters, I, 622, 523,
567, 583, 596.
Stock, I, 220, 221.
Supplies to colony, I, 178, 180, 878, 379,
485, 495, 508, 514, 566, 628; II, 459-
460, 461, 463.
Trade for furs, I, 615, 567, 583, 608; I, 16.

580

Magazine—Continued.
Suits at law, with Bargrave, I, 233, 258, 259,
525, 578, 616.
Tobacco of, I, 304, 315, 316, 380, 505.
Sold, I, 343.
Virginia business, I, 240.
See also, Letters and Tobacco contract.
Magazine of American History, I, 49.
Maids. See Women.
Mainwaring, Sir Henry (Mannering), I, 344,
364,
Committee, general, I, 365.
Land, H, 17, 26.
Land transferred, II, 17, 25.
Maisterson, Lawrence, captain.
Adventure transferred, II, 505, 508.
Committee, proposed for, I, 396.
Manchester papers.
Contents and importance, I, 62-63.
History, I, 62.
Mandeville, Lord President.
Letter to Secretary Conway, I, 178, 179, 180,
182, 197.
Mannering, Sir Henry. (See Mainwaring.)
Mansell, Henry, I, 327, 616, 621.
Claim against company, I, 591, 609.
Markham, Richard, I, 294, 312, 413, 417, 440.
Land, I, 625.
Markham, Valentine
Bookkeeper, I, 213.
Marriner, John Hope,
Adventure, I, 300.
Marsden, R. G.
The High Court of Admiralty, etc., I, 65, 65n.
Martha, ——.
Adventure inherited, IT, 532.
Martial law, I, 222, 226.
Declared invalid, I, 363.
Martin, Sir Henry, II, 168, 479.
Martin, John, captain, I, 162, 312, 344, 491, 618,
635; II, 171, 487.
Letter to governor for, II, 509-510.

INDEX

Martin, John, captain—Continued.
Letter from privy council, I, 594.
Order for cattle, II, 120.

Patent, I, 609; II, 262.

Patent granted, II, 344.

Petition, IT, 510.

Petition against the company, II, 40.

Petition to king, II, 78.

Suit against Bargrave, I, 501, 522, 570.

Surrender of patent, I, 553, 560, 609, 636; II,
10, 78, 119, 126, 140, 145, 161.

Martin, John, merchant tailor.
Adventure, I, 378.

Martin, John, the Persian.

Customs, IT, 13.
Freed from custom, I, 633.
Martin’s Hundred, I, 241, 249, 311, 331, 381, 383,
497, 525, 535; I, 381, 482.
Abuses from capemerchant, I, 239.
Accounts with magazine, II, 132.
Boundaries of, IT, 15.
Desires shares, I, 248-251.
Granted land, I, 251, 273.
Minister for, I, 544.
Patent, I, 580, 585.
Proposition for school, I, 587.
Surveyor, II, 103.
Massacre, I, 155, 158, 160, 165, 185, 189; II, 93,
395, 483.
Committee on survivors, II, 94.

Masters, ——, Captain.

Commitrre: Bargrave’s treatise, I, 444.

Masterson, Thomas, I, 344.

Matoar, II, 395.

Matthews, Samuel, Captain.

Letter, I, 166.
Patent, II, 132.
May, Sir Humphrey.
Council, IT, 429.

Maynard, William, Lord.

Committee on tobacco contract, IT, 155, 237.
Council, II, 261.

INDEX

Mayor of London, Lord, I, 287, 300, 304, 424. Meverell—Continued.
Letter concerning children, I, 431. Commirrrrs—Continued.
Mease, Wiliam. General, II, 30, 536.
Deposition, II, 385. Peirs’ accounts, IT, 56.
Mellinge, Thomas, I, 259, 295, 344. Tobacco contract, 11, 1283.
Auditor for the old magazine, I, 496, 572; II, Sale of, LI, 413.
134. Spanish, II, 389.
CoMMITTEES: Nominated for committee, II, 154.
Argall’s accounts, IT, 27. Middle Temple, I, 548.
Colonel in Virginia, I, 569. Jermyn’s chamber, meeting in, I, 607, 611.
Commodities, I, 365, 413. Middleborough, States of, I, 422.
Copland’s ministry, II, 49. Middleton, David.
Dispatch magazine ship, I, 246. Council in Virginia, I, 379, 383, 479.
General, I, 270, 386, 467; II, 30. Middleton, Richard.
Method of petitions, II, 112. Adventure, II, 327.
Method of teaching and books, I, 607. Mildmay, Sir Henry, II, 248, 268.
Newce’s patent, I, 448. Censures factions, II, 216.
Nicholas Ferrar’s accounts, I, 576. ComMITrEEs:
Peirs’ accounts, II, 56. Tobacco contract, IT, 155, 287.
Secretary, I, 484. Freedom of company, II, 76.
Ship criminals, I, 272. Free and of the council, II, 89.
Summer’s accounts, I, 462. Report of King’s displeasure, II, 251.
Tobacco, I, 291. Suit with company, I, 123.
Contract, II, 128, 154. Miller, Robert.
Sale of, I, 294, 406, 631, Servant, II, 532.
Transportation of servants, I, 289. Mines, I, 504.
Dismissed from committee, II, 536. Ministers.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II, For college land, I, 234.

159. Minter, Richard.

Land, I, 619. Land and freedom, II, 101.
Land transferred, I, 625; I, 279, 295. Minters, Ann, II, 50, 101.

Nominated for committee, II, 154. Mitton, Richard.
Tobacco purchased, I, 289. Commission, II, 262.
Membership in company. SceFreedomofcom- Molasco the Polander.
pany. Petition against oppression, IT, 279.
Menefie, George. Mole, George.
Letter to John Harrison, I, 193. Land, I, 625.
Merchant adventurers. Mole, Samuel, (Moll?), I, 169
Company for trade, I, 13. Deposition, II, 386.
Meverell, ——. Monopolies, I, 93, 94.
ComMITTEES: See Commodities, and Magazine.
Argall’s accounts, II, 27. Moone, Churchill.
Copland’s ministry, II, 49. Land, I, 548.

582 INDEX

Moones, ——.

Petition, 1, 461, 474.

Moones, Nicholas, I, 461, 474.

Moore, Thomas.

Patent, II, 412.

Moorer, Richard (Morer), I, 213, 233, 237.
Accuses disorder, II, 239.
CoMMITTEES:

Accounts for fur stock, I, 608.
Magazine, I, 238.
Spanish tobacco, II, 388, 420.

Mooreton, Richard.

Land, I, 426.

Mootham, James.

Land transferred, II, 56.
Mordan, George.

Adventure, I, 578.

Morden, Oliver.

Land, I, 604.

More, John, I, 365, 370, 520.
Adventure, I, 497.

Moreman, Thomas.

Land, I, 402.

Morewood, Gilbert, II, 495.

Morgan, II, 479.

Morris, ——, II, 536.

Morse, Thomas.

Land, II, 217.

Moston, Robert.

Patent, II, 20, 32.

Mounson, Sir William.

Charter, I, 404.

Patent, I, 398, 407, 438, 467.
Mourninge Virginia, I, 158.
Muscovia, I, 528.

Muscovy Company, II, 165, 326.

Compared with Virginia Company, I, 13-14.

Naunton, Sir Robert, Secretary, I, 376
Nethersole, Sir Francis, I, 348.

Letter to Sir Dudley Carleton, I, 194, 196.
Neville, Sir Henry.

Suit with company, I, 123,

Newberry Library, I, 57n.
Newce, George.
Adventure transferred, IT, 505, 508.
Newce, Thomas. (Nuce, Nuice.)
Commission, I, 473, 475.
ComMITTEES:
Iron works, I, 472.
Council in Virginia, I, 479.
Deputy for common land, I, 349.
Project, I, 623.
Newce, Mrs. Thomas, II, 456, 466.
Newce, Sir William, I, 419; II, 105, 448.
Charter, I, 382.
Council in Virginia, I, 379, 383, 468, 488.
Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 148.

Marshall in Virginia, I, 447, 458, 465, 468, 482,

Patents, I, 375, 446, 462, 466.
Newfoundland, I, 257, 575.
Newland, Robert.

Commission, II, 116.

Land, I, 459, 469.

Letter to Nicholas Ferrar, I, 155.

Patent, I, 414.

Newport, Christopher, Captain, II, 421.

Adventure, I, 274.

Newport, John(P)
Adventure, II, 428.
Patent, II, 421.

Newporte, Mrs.

Land assigned, I, 509.

Newport Newes, II, 74, 381.

Newton, Thomas.

Beadle, LI, 420, 429, 526.

Land, 1, 590.

New York Public Library, I, 58.

Bancroft papers, I, 58.

Smyth of Nibley papers, and Pory and Harvy

papers, I, 55.

Transcripts, Aspinwall-Chalmers, Barlow pa-

pers, I, 58.
Nicholes, Agnes, I, 331.

INDEX

Nichols, ——.
CoMMITTEE:
Tobacco, I, 100,
Nichols, Thomas.
Freed, II, 103.
Surveyor of Martin’s Hundred, IT, 103.
North, Sir Charles.
Patent, I, 547, 554, 562.
North, Lord Dudley, I, 359.
North, [Roger], Captain, I, 359.
Northern Colony for Virginia, I, 662.
FIsHING RIGHTS:
Discussed, [, 277, 285, 321, 322, 329, 339,
340, 397.
In favor of, I, 410, 411.
Revised I, 416, 428.
Order to renew patent, I, 142.
Settlement in [Plymouth], I, 515.
See also Fishing.
Norton, ——, Captain.
Glaseworks, I, 484, 507, 557.
Glags contract abandoned, I, 510, 512.
Instructed, J, 514.
Patent for glassworks, I, 498, 499.
Norwood, Richard.
Land, II, 218.
Patent, II, 412.
Surveyor in Virginia, I, 458, 472.
Nova Britannia, 1, 20n.
Officers.
In colony, I, 214.
Names and duties, I, 72-74.
Report on duties of, I, 133, 211.
Rewards, I, 74.
See also Elections, Plantations, and Com-
pany.
Oftly, Robert.
Nominated for deputy by King, II, 28.
Ogle, Sir John, Colonel.
Comirrgss:
Freedom of company, II, 278.

Ogle, Sir John, Colonel—Continued.
Commitrrrs—Continued.
Message to King, II, 352, 487.
Tobacco contract, 11, 333.
Council, II, 261.
Freedom of company, II, 278.

Okely, ——, Secretary, II, 419.

Oleuan, Anthony.
Patent, I, 414,

Olliver, Edward.
Land, II, 497. %

Opochankano, I, 310, 319; IJ, 52, 94, 115, 405,
478, 483, 486.
Right to grant land denied, II, 95.

Opposition to company, I, 519.
Abstracts from letters by N. Rich, I, 167.
Alderman Johnson’s petition to the king, II,
346-347, 373-374, 392.
Answered by the company, II, 352-362,
363, 393-397.
Anonymous, I, 275.
Bargrave, I, 154.
By Adam Dixon, I, 43~44, 79.
Answered by company, ITI, 45.
By Captain Martin and Captain Hazell, II,
40-41, 79.
Answered by company, IJ, 41-42.
By Captain Mathew Summers, II, 46-47,
79.
Answered by company, II, 47-49.
By Samuel Wrote, IT, 169-177, 181-187, 188-
195, 249-259.
Trial, II, 183, 188-195, 197-214, 249-
259.
By William Kemp, II, 44-45, 79.
Answered by company, II, 45-46.
By Woodall, I, 408, 487, 460, 543.
Captain Nathaniel Butler’s Unmasked face of
our Colony, II, 374-376, 392.

584 INDEX

Opposition to company—Continued. Palavicine, Tobias—Continued.
Captain Nathaniel Butler's Unmasked face of CommMitTrEEs:
our Colony—Continued. Present petition to King, II, 366.
Answered by the assembly, I, 188. Suspension of laws, II, 581.
By the company, I, 173; II, 397-399, Spanish tobacco, II, 388.
By the planters, II, 380-387. Referee for Martin’s patent, II, 10.
Approved by N. Rich, I, 168. Palmer, Edward.
Declaration concerning causes for, by the com- Land, II, 77, 217, 218.
_ pany, IT, 400-409. Patent, II, 75, 90.
—— - —— J — S ~. 168. Palmer, John.
we! y the assembly, s
See also Diaputes in company. —
Defense by the company, IT, 522-525.
List of those opposed, I, 168. Commrrrans:

Petition to King by planters, I, 168; II, 519- Accounts for fur stock, I, 608.
520, 521. Importation of Spanish tobacco, II, 420.

Letter concerning children, I, 431.
Peirs’s accounts, II, 56.
Sumerscale’s plan, I, 365.

Palmer, William, I, 213, 220.

Orby, Anthony.
Transfers adventure, I, 364.

Orders. See Laws and Orders. Sale of tobacco, I, 297.

Osgood, H. L., The American Colonies in the Seven- Transportation of children, I, 287.
teenth Century, I, 12, 21, 39. Land, I, 460.
Ouldsworth, ——.
Council in Virginia, I, 448, 457, 468.
Death, I, 520.
Over, Thomas.
Land, I, 534.
Patent, I, 534.
Bis:

Owen ean ie, For sending poor to Virginia, I, 479, 489,
Padgett, Lord, I, 26, 31, 302, 327. 555.
Commrrrexs: For sole importation of tobacco, II, 337.
Education of infidels’ children, I, 307. Confirmation desired, I, 429, 487, 438, 441
| et J ? , ’ e
Enforced importation of commodities, I, Concerning tobacco, II, 313,
J 2 *
on . Grievances presented to, II, 540.
Petition to king, II, 435. Petitioned by company.
ennai. gg Concerning tobacco, I, 443, 451, 473, 496;

Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,
wa Parrington, Sir Francis.

a Transfers adventure, I, 378.
Palavicine, Tobias, I, 322, 342, 347. Paspahey, II, 381.
Adventure, I, 381. Passmore, Thomas, I, 169, 182.

Paramore, ——.

Nominated as secretary for Virginia, I, 478.
Parkhurst, John.

Land, II, 17, 25.
Parliament, Assembly of, IJ, 176, 184, 232, 309.

INDEX

Patents.
Captain Martin’s, I, 553, 560; II, 10-11, 18,
26, 119-120, 126-127, 140, 145, 161-162,
181, 216, 344.
Ilegality of, I, 609-611, 613-615.
Duplicates, I, 376.
Duplicates permitted, II, 32.
For adventurers, I, 554, 561, 562, 584; I, 20,
32, 75, 90, 345.
Defined, I, 561.
For associates (particular plantations), I, 228,
252, 269, 341, 347, 354, 375, 380, 381.
Planters, I, 221, 232, 384, 398, 404, 407,
414, 418, 439, 446-448, 449, 461, 466, 467,
474, 483, 491, 492, 502, 534, 542, 547, 562,
575, 579, 581, 591, 624, 632; II, 122, 132,
177, 218, 412, 421, 428, 438, 449, 457.
Sir William Throckmorton, I, 132.
For commodities, 1, 398, 408, 423, 486, 437,
493, 513.
Discussed, I, 439.
For engraving seals, I, 262.

For glass works, I, 592; II, 484.
For iron works, I, 322.

For past service, I, 232.

Form of, I, 153, 156.

John Whincop’s, sealed, I, 228.
List of, I, 176.

New:
Desired for company, I, 438, 441, 443, 444,
445-446.
Not found, I, 102.
For Martin’s Hundred, I, 577, 579.
For marshall, I, 483.
For physician, I, 431.
For planters, 1, 554, 562, 584, 585; IT, 20,
32, 75, 90.
Defined, I, 561.

For tobacco, I, 218, 219.
Summerecale’s, I, 398.

Paules, Martha, I, 634.

Paulett, Robert (Pawlett).

Council in Virginia, I, 520.

Minister for Berkeley Hundred, I, 143.
Paulsden, Mrs. Millisent.

Transfers shares, I, 235.
Paulson, Richard, I, 213, 420.

Claim allowed, I, 634.

CoMMITTER:

Sale of tobacco, 1, 294.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 160.

Transfers adventure, I, 408.
Paulstead, Henry.

Land, I, 625.
Payne, John.

Transfers adventure, I, 281.
Pearce, ——, Lieutenant, I, 485.

Pearle, Gregory.
Deposition, I, 385.
Peasly, Robert, I, 633, IT, 458.
Porter, I, 633.
Peckard, Dr.
Collections of manuscripts—Ferrar papers, I,
80-81.
Memoire of the life of Nicholas Ferrar, 1, 59n,
80, 80n.
Peeke, Francis.
Patent, II, 75, 90. -
Peere, Lott, I, 223.
Transfers land, I, 460.
Peirce, Abraham (Pierse, Persey), I, 246, 608,
630, 634; TI, 132.
Accounts, I, 506; IT, 66
Adventure, I, 273.
Land, I, 497.
Letters to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 148.
Petition, I, 400.
Tobacco of, I, 459.
Witness against Captain Martin, II, 43.
Wife of, granted land, I, 263.

586

Peirce, John, and associates, I, 299, 303, 311.
Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 138.
Patent recalled, I, 515.

Peirce, William.

Commission, IT, 497.
Debt, II, 108.

Peirs, Edward.

Petition for inheritance, II, 106.

Peirs, Thomas.

Died, I, 106.

Pelham, Henry, Captain.
Patent, I, 404; II, 20, 32.

Pell, Sir Anthony.

Land transferred, I, 622.

Pell, Lady Judith.

Land transferred, I, 622.

Pemberton, John.
Freedom of company, II, 74, 89.
Patent, II, 75, 90.

Pemble, Thomas.
Land, I, 608.

Pembrooke, Earl of, I, 218.

Penecell, ——, I, 323.

Penistone, ——.

Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 160.

Penreis, John, I, 181.

Percy, George, I, 121, 332, 334, 344, 365.
A true relation, I, 122.

Tobacco for, I, 122.

Percy, Henry, Earl of Northumberland
Land, II, 122.

Tobacco for, II, 122.

Perkins, Sir Christopher, IT, 79.

Perkins, Works, I, 421.

Perry, Richard.

Land, I, 534.
Patent, I, 534.

Perry, William (Indian).
Petition to king, II, 519.

To be aided by roll, H, 532.

INDEX

Petitions, I, 153, 156, 162, 245.
Committee on, II, 118.
Committee to consider methods of, II, 111.
Report, II, 117.
To be registered in court or other book, II, 111.
To the company, I, 308, 309, 334, 337, 347, 364,
375, 376, 380, 383, 398, 400, 401, 402, 414, 419,
426, 461, 544, 546, 607, 608, 636; II, 17,97,119,
280, 464, 465, 484, 497, 510-511, 513, 514, 517,
529.
To company by colony versus enforced impor-
tation of commodities, II, 307.
To House of Commons by company, IT, 537;
draft, I, 193.
To the governor of Virginia, I, 160, 163, 169,
171,
To Kine:
Against company, I, 375, 387.
By Adam Dixon, IT, 43-44.
By adventures, I, 137.
By Alderman Johnson, I, 168, 169; II,
104-110, 308, 346, 373-374, 392.
Answered, II, 393-397.
By Captains Martin and Hazell, II, 40-41.
By Captain Mathew Summers, II, 46-47.
By planters, I, 173; II, 519-520.
By the company, I, 162, 169, 185, 398, 403,
411, 445; II, 18, 26, 335-340, 363,
392, 410-411, 433, 435, 471, 540-541.
Deferred, IT, 368.
By the governor and council in Virginia,
I, 195, 196; Il, 298, 308.
To Parliament by company, IJ, 526-528, 530,
538, 540.
To Privy Council, I, 159, 195, 281-283; II, 369,
495, 504-505.

Peyton, Sir Henry.

Letter from George Yeardley, I, 122.
Phetiplace, William.

Land assigned, II, 97.

INDEX
Plantation—Continned.

Phillip, Sir Robert.
Committee on enforced importation of com-
modities, I, 565.
Phillipps, Eleanor, II, 102.
Piddox, John, I, 337.
Plantation, I, 221.
Advantages of, II, 526-528.
Commission on, I, 184, 187,
Connrtion or: I, 229, 310, 320, 410, 508,538,
606, 613; I, 115, 348~351, 393-397, 399-
400, 482, 486-487, 523, 524.
Defended, IT, 348-351, 393-397.
Discredited, I, 275, 384, 369; II, 40-41, 48-
45.
Reported by treasurer, I, 350-357.
ConTROVERSIES CONCERNING: I, 810, 320, 336;
II, 104-110.
Alderman Johnson’s criticiam of, II, 373-
374.
Argall’s government described, II, 400-
405.
Betrayed to King, I, 194.
Captain Butler’s criticism of, II, 374-376.
Answered, IT, 380-387.
Government before and since Sir Thomas
Smith, II, 393-394.
Economic DEVELOPMENT: I, 97-98.
Cattle for, I, 420, 423, 501, 535, 568, 578,
599, 626.
Transportation of, to be rewarded, I,
618.
Freedom of trade, IT, 325-326.
Magazine, I, 227.
Navigation, I, 330.
Petition to company versus enforced im-
portation of commodities, II, 307.
Price of commodities regulated, II, 466-
467.
Restraint of tobacco culture, I, 329, 413.
Shipwrights and carpenters, I, 522-523,
567, 577.
Wages in, I, 153.

587

Fortirications: I, 257, 318, 317, 326, 827, 339,
413.
Arms to be sent, II, 98, 99, 100, 185.
Capt. Each’s plan, II, 11-18, 28, 383-387.
GovERNMENT:

Acta of council, I, 190, 191.

Acts of, I, 325, 336, $41, 344.

Assembly, ordinance for, I, 149.

Census, I, 208.

Commissions and instructions, neglectea,
II, 63.

Controversies referred to governor, I, 400,
402, 460; IT, 16, 45-46, 97, 104-105, 344,
457, 509.

Grants and liberties, I, 257, 382.

Instructions to governor, I, 149, 454, 496,

502, 523.
To lieutenant-governor, I, 122.

Instructions to officers, I, 163.

Laws and orders of assembly, I, 190, 195.

Order of governor, I, 164, 165, 182, 184,
185, 186.

Petition to governor, I, 181.

Proclamation of governor, I, 172, 174, 181,
187.

Officers: 1, 332, 340, 371, 879, $82, 431,
440, 447, 478.

Admiral, I, 506.
Apothecary, I, 495.
Colonel-general, deniea, I, 569, 571.
Council of State, I, 379, 383, 448, 468.
Meetings, I, 488.
Fees for, 1, 332, 383, 340, 344.
Governor, election of, I, 436, 440; II,
525, 536-537, 541.
Governor, provided for, I, 448, 466.
Commissions and instructions, I,
454, 496, 502.
Marshal, provided for, I, 447, 453,
464-166, 468, 475.

588

Plantation—Continued.
GovernuMEent—Continued.
Officere—Continued.
Ministers, I, 314, 317, 434, 497, 506,
516, 524, 535, 544, 575, 591, 625, 635;
II, 49.
Physician, I, 431.
Secretary, I, 478, 488.
Sendikes, to investigate plantation,
proposed, I, 481.
Surveyor, provided for, I, 458, 472,
494.
Treasurer, provided for, I, 450, 464—
466, 468.
Usher for school, I, 600, 606-607, 629.
Vice-admiral, provided for, I, 546,
549, 558.
INHABITANTS:
Debtors not to return from, II, 109.
Men to be sent from shires, II, 136.
Supplies for, I, 169, 373, 379, 485, 490, 495,
508, 566.
Tenant’s rights, I, 334, 400.
Youths for, 1, 626.
OraanizaTion: I, 96-97, 176, 333.
Sandys’ plan for, I, 387-397.
Care of sick, I, 320.
PARTICULAR OR PRIVATE:
Extent of, I, 95.
Government, I, 303, 314, 394-396.
Relation to Crown, I, 11.
See also Letters, Company, and Offi-
cers.

Planters (tenants, servants transported).
Answer to petition by company, I, 168.
Arrived, I, 430.

Encouraged toward commodities, I, 432, 433.

Passage allowed, I, 381, 414, 419, 461, 471,
476, 495, 508.

Petition to King versus Company, II, 519-520.

Provisioning of, II, 439-440, 444,

Recommended to governor, I, 602.

INDEX

Planters (tenants, servants transported )—Con.
Refused privilege of courts, II, 301.
Report of numbers, [, 349-357, 399.
Sending of poor people, I, 479, 489.
Plans for sending, I, 391.
Sent to Virginia, I, 168, 226, 256, 433.
Supplies ordered by King, II, 458-459.
Tenants of officers on common land, I, 456,
457, 466, 501, 549, 550, 558.
To return, I, 408, 419; LU, 50.
TRANSPORTATION OF: I, 257, 269, 288, 295, 296,
297.
Charges, I, 162.
Debt for transportation of boys, I, 520.
Proposed, I, 477.
Provided for, I, 269, 277, 392.
See also Children and women.
Plymouth, Mayor of, I, 153, 335.
Plymouth [Massachusetts]. See Northern col-
ony for Virginia.
Poland, I, 420, 430.
Polander.
Petition, I, 510.
Pollard, William.
Adventure, I, 378.
Pollington, John, I, 523.
Polonians.
Enfranchized, I, 251.
Pool, Nathaniel, captain.
Sergeant major-general, I, 126.
Pooley, Mrs., IT, 519.
Popham (Sir John].
Suit against Havercombe, I, 121.
Porey, John (Pory), 1, 349.
Letter, I, 136.
Letter to Sir Dudley Carleton, I, 130, 131.
Letters to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 138, 141, 147.
Patents, I, 375.
Report of general assembly in Virginia, I, 134.
Porter, James Hoope.
Dismissed, I, 632.
Land, I, 378.

INDEX

Portsmouth, II, 371.
Potter, Henry, I, 523.
Pardon, I, 126.
Potterton, I, 426.
Pottes, . (Pott).
Council in Virginia, I, 520.
Physician for colony, I, 516.
Pountis, John, I, 156.
Admiral for the colony, I, 506.
Council in Virginia, I, 379, 383, 479.
Tenants, II, 75.
Vice-admiral in Virginia, I, 546, 549, 558.
Powell, Nathaniell (captain), I, 308, 336.
Died, IT, 107.
Powell, William.
Captain of guards, I, 126.
Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 146.
Powhatan, II, 395.
Poyn, John (Poynes).
Patents, I, 341, 347.
Preiwsen, Hiddlebrand.
Land transferred, I, 608.
Preston, Sir Amias, I, 607.
Prin, Martin.
Land and freedom, II, 73, 88.
Prinn, Edward.
Patent, II, 457.
Prinn, John (Prynn).
Commission, IT, 465.
Patent, II, 449.
Prisoners, I, 155, 159, 161.
To be transported, I, 128, 130, 131, 212, 253; II,
102.
Order for transportation, I, 126.
See also Servants.
Private papers, I, 36-37.
Privy Council, I, 340.
Approved contract for tobacco, IT, 265.
Censures Mr. Binge, II, 303.
Concerning bringing all commodities to Eng-
land, I, 527-529, 530, 531-532, 537; II, 321-
322, 325-827.
Concerning fishing rights, I, 340.

Privy Council—Continued.

ConsuLTED:

Concerning magazine, I, 272, 275.

Concerning tobacco, I, 291; I, 302.

Decision vs. Jacobb, I, 281.

LErrTERs:

Concerning Martin’s patent, I, 594-595.

Concerning Martin, I, 186.

Not to harbor debtors, I, 128.

To Carleton, I, 152.

To company, I, 186.

To governor and council in Virginia, I,

172, 182, 184.

Onvenrs: I, 158, 160, 183, 186, 197, 198.
Bargrave versus Smythe, I, 161, 164.
Commissioners to go to Virginia, I, 184.
Concerning fishing, I, 148.

Concerning importation of goods, I, 150.

Concerning letters to the colony, I, 171,

175; TI, 500.

Concerning Martin’s patent, IT, 18, 26.

Concerning supplies for Virginia, I, 178.

Concerning surrender of charter and re-

ceipt of new, Il, 469, 473-474.
Answered, IT, 475.

Concerning tobacco, release, I, 136.
Building of foreign house for, I, 150.
Contract with Sir Thomas Rowe, I,

141.
Dissolving contract, II, 392.
Sole importation, I, 139.
To suppress importation, I, 149.

Creating commissioners for Virginia, I,

170.
Customs, I, 127.

Dispatch ships, IT, 476.

Expense of quo warranto, IT, 503-504.

Faction not to be mentioned to colony,
II, 364-365.

Lotteries, I, 124.

Men to be sent to Virginia, IT, 136.

Order concerning enforced importation of
commodities, I, 164; I, 321-322.

590
Privy Council—Continued.
Orprrs—Continued.
Order concerning Spain and ‘‘Treasurer,”’
I, 182, 189.
Order concerning stock of company, I, 195.
Order for patent for northern colony, I,
142.
Order restraining Ferrara, I, 174.
Order sequestering records, I, 185, 195.
Petition of planters, II, 521.
Prisoners to be sent to Virginia, II, 102.
Receipt for court books, I, 171.
Restoring Samuel Wrote, I, 178.
Sending children to Virginia, I, 139.
Suspended, I, 146.
To commissioners, I, 174, 179, 180, 182,
195, 197.
Transportation of prisoners, I, 126, 128,
130, 131.
Proclamation for return from Virginia, I, 125.
Register, I, 66-67.
Warrant for arma, I, 159.
Proclamations, I, 151, 157, 161.
Arms exported, I, 159.
Concerning tobacco, I, 200, 204, 206.
Restrainitig disordered trading in tobacco, I,
141.
Restraining planting of tobacco, I, 137.
Suspending lotteries, I, 146.
Procter, [John].
CoMMITTEES:
Price of commodities, IT, 466.
Provisioning of passengers, IT, 440.
Survivors of massacre, II, 94.
Deposition, I, 385.
Patent, TI, 457.
Prosser, Thomas.
Deposition, I, 386.
Provant Master, I, 214.
Public. See Land, common.
Public Land. &e Land, common.

INDEX

Public Record Office, I, 54.
Publications.
Brinsley’s book, I, 574.
Broadside, I, 140.
Declaration of ships to be sent, I, 145.
Declaration of state of the colony, I, 141.
Proposed, I, 92-93.
Defense of company and plantation, I, 276,
286.
Described, I, 88-92.
Encourage adventurers to plant in Virginia,
proposed, I, 556.
History of Virginia proposed, I, 451.
Laws and orders, I, 274, 380, 383, 552, 563, 618.
Letters of king and of company, II, 102.
List of, I, 31-33, 88-93.
Value of, I, 34-35.
List of adventurers and sums, I, 286, 369; II,
21, 77.
Incorrect, I, 533, 570, 581, 590.
Note of the shipping, I, 131-138, 145.
Proposed, I, 271, 276, 286, 411.
Proposed treatise, I, 445, 449, 481, 482, 490.
To secure tradesmen, I, 271.
For sending youths and settling lotteries, I,
411, 416.
Silkworms, I, 138, 422, 543; II, 102.
Supplies intended to be sent, prohibited, I, 406.
A valuation of commodities, I, 138.
Purchas, Samuel.
Purchas, His Pilgrims, I, 35 n; UH, 519.
Quaile, Richard.
Commission, II, 262.
Quietus est, IT, 419, 426-427, 444, 452-453, 454-
455, 507, 515-516.
Granted, I, 223.
Requested, I, 212.
Quo warranto, I, 54, 65, 102-103.
Discussed, II, 499.
Expense of, IT, 479, 503, 505.
Great committee on, I, 494.
Served, II, 478.

INDEX

Rainsford, Sir Henry.
Land, I, 460.
ComMItTrExs:
Acts of the assembly, I, 341.
Children, I, 300.
General, I, 365.
Iron works, I, 472.
Proposed for, I, 390.
Tobacco I, 304.
Raleigh, Sir Walter, I, 11, 12, 421, 451.
Freedom, IT, 362.
Ralph, Lord Eure.
Letter to Sir Robert Harley, I, 121.
Randolph, John, I, 43.
Randolph, Peyton, I, 45.
Rayden, Captain, I, 605.
Raymond, II, 483.
Rayner, Marmaduke, I, 330.
Commission, IT, 529.
Deposition, II, 385.
Explorer, I, 504.
Read, Isabell.
Claims against Captain Martin, I, 618.
Read, Joane.
Land inherited, I, 619.
Read, Thomas.
Land transferred, I, 91.
Recorder, of London, I, 324, 562.
Records.
Account books, expenditures, I, 356.
Added during procedure, I, 77-78.
Alphabet books of adventurers, I, 294, 312,
552, 563.
Book of petitions, IT, 111, 117.
Charters, and Crown documents, I, 24.
Classes of, I, 231.
Committee for care of, II, 432.
Compared with records of other companies,
I, 16.
Confiscation of, I, 108-111.
Contracts between masters and servants, II,
113, 128-131.

Records—Continued.
Court, IT, 131.
Admiralty, I, 64-65.
Covrr Book:
Attestation, I, 82.
Autographs of, I, 82-83.
Description of contemporary copy, I,
81-84.
Early history uncertain, I, 49-50.
Randolph copy described, I, 48-49.
Property of Virginia Historical So-
ciety, I, 50-51.
Used by Hening and Burk, I, 51.
Destruction of, I, 115.
Fate of, I, 107-115.
In the colony, I, 36.
Invoices, I, 356.
Lipeary of ConGREss:
Manuscript records—
Contents, I, 46-47.
Described, I, 47-48.
History of, I, 44-45.
Identified, I, 46.
Jefferson transcripts, I, 51-53.
Anno 1623, deacribed, I, 51-52.
Instructions, commissions, lettera of
advice, I, 52-53.
Miscellaneous records, 1606-1692, I,
52-53.
List of adventurers, I, 356, 552, 563.
Magazine, I, 227.
Names and care of, I, 76-76.
Not to pass to any but principal officers,
I, 621.
Petition for restoration, II, 495.
Position in political movement, I, 16.
Possession of, after dissolution of company,
I, 109-112.
Quo warranto, I, 65.
Register for oath of allegiance, I, 400.
Register of ships and passengers, [I, 112-113,
124-126.

592

Records—Continued.
Relation to economic England, I, 15.
Sandy’s-Southampton administration—char-
acter, I, 39-41.

Sequestering of, I, 185; II, 428, 431-432.

Sequestered, to be returned, II, 410.

Showing relation with colony, I, 96-99.

Sir Thomas Smythe’s time, I, 25-27.
Compared with later records, I, 26-28.
Financial documents, I, 26, 30, 31.

Supplementary letters and papers, I, 37-38.

Transcripts—Randolph copy, I, 48-51.
Importance and value of, I, 15-16.

Value of, 1, 103-105.

Value of Ferrar and Manchester papers, I,

100-101.

Wills and testaments, II, 113.
Relations. See Letters.
Requests, masters of, I, 615.
Reynolds, Henry, I, 319.

Adventure, I, 408.

Commission, II, 262.

Land transferred, II, 122.

Rich, Sir Nathaniel, I, 228, 313, 317, 324, 326,
327, 339, 384; II, 335, 405, 409, 412, 537-538.
ComMITTEEs:
Censure of Alderman Johnson, I, 242, 244.
College, I, 231.
Goods, I, 321.
Magazine, I, 238.
Orders and grants, I, 215.
Present petition to king, II, 366.
Salt works, I, 318.
Tobacco, I, 275, 277, 293, 294, 304.
Custom, I, 245.
Contract, II, 302.
Spanish tobacco, II, 388.
Welden’s accounts, I, 594.

Councillor, I, 227.

Defense of Warwick, I, 137.

Heads of speech in Commons, I, 192.

INDEX

Rich, Sir Nathaniel—Continued.
Letters suggesting limitation of freedom of
company, I, 172.
Notes concerning salaries, I, 164.
Notes for defense, I, 137.
On salaries, IT, 269.
Opposition to company, I, 167.
Proposition for sole importation of tobacco, IT,
342-344.
Proposition for planters, IT, 272.
Subscriber to tobacco stock, H, 388.
Tobacco, I, 328.
Rich, Lady Isabella.
Land transferred, IT, 122.
Richardson, II, 390.
Richmond, Virginia.
Documents in, I, 54-55.
Rider, Edward, I, 544.
Adventure, I], 505, 508.
CoMMITTEEs:
Entering courts, IT, 441.
General, II, 536.
Price of commodities, II, 466.
Provisioning of passengers, II, 440.
Suspension of laws, II, 531.
Patent, I, 554, 562.
Riseley, Thomas.
Land, I, 378.
Roberts, Elias, II, 218.
Coma irTrres:
Care of maids, I, 428.
Copeland’s gift, I, 583.
Copeland’s ministry, II, 49.
Tegal planting of tobacco in England,
IT, 100.
Martin’s patent, I, 636.
Nicholas Ferrar’s accounts, I, 576.
Peirce’s patent, I, 515.
Price of commodities, II, 466.
Provisioning of passengers, II, 440.
Spanish tobacco, II, 389.
Sale of tobacco, II, 413.

INDEX

Roberts, Elias—Continued.
Commitrres—Continued.
To collect subscriptions, I, 533; IT, 536.
Usher to Virginia, I, 600.
Gift, IT, 26.
Land, II, 25.
Land transferred, I, 25.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
TH, 160.
Robinson, Conway, I, 50.
Robinson, John, son of.
Petition, I, 163.
Rochester, Lord Bishop of. Se Bishops.
Roe, Sir Thomas (Rowe), I, 309, 311, 330; II,
309.
Commirrres:
Fishing rights, I, 411.
Proposed for, I, 390, 395.
Tobacco, I, 328.
Letter to king, I, 397.
Nominated by king for treasurer, I, 348.
Petition for sole importation of tobacco, I, 139.
Rogers, Richard, I, 223.
CoMMITTEREs:
Colonel in Virginia, I, 569.
Martin’s patent, I, 596.
To collect subscriptions, I, 533.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 160.
Rolfe, George.
Adventure, I, 508.
Rolfe, Henry, I, 461.
Petition for inheritance, IT, 105.
Rolfe, John, I, 400, 507; L, 395.
Debt, I, 630.
Letters to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 125, 138.
Tobacco of, I, 459.
’ Rolfe, John, child of, II, 52.
Rooks, George.
Land, I, 630.
Roper, ——.
Patent, II, 345.
16456—voL 2—06-——38

593

Rossingham, Captain.
Witness against Captain Martin, II, 43.
Rotheram, Alderman.
Land, I, 622.
Bowe, John.
Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 148.
Rowsley, William.
Patent, IT, 75, 90.
Ruggle, George.
CommitrEs:
Bargrave’s treatise, I, 444.
Gift, II, 136.
Russell, Lord William.
Letter to Sir Clement Edwards, I, 131.
Nominated for treasurer by king, II, 28.
Project for artificial wine, I, 141.
Sachiverell, ——.
Freed, I, 522.
Sackville, Sir Edward, I, 364, 374; LI, 27, 126,
228, 220, 302, 327, 392, 413, 444.
Commurrerrs, I, 365.
Bargrave’s treatise, I, 444.
Enforced importation of commodities, I,
565.
Martin’s cattle, TH, 120.
Message to King, II, 342, 352, 437.
Message to commissioners, II, 429,
Petition to King, II, 366, 435.
Proposed for, I, 390, 391, 396.
Tobacco contract, II, 155, 237, 333.
Proclamation on, I, 404.
Conncil, I, 379, 383.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,
159.
Message to King, II, 411.
Salaries, II, 152, 173
Sir Thomas Smith’s accounts, IT, 259,
To make request for arms, I, 96.
Sainsbury, W. N., A guide to the Records of the
Public Record Office, I, 63n.
St. Augustine, City of God, I, 421.

594 INDEX
Sandys, Sir Edwin—Continued.

St. John, Lord, II, 302.
Council, I, 135.
Gift of arms, IT, 135.
Land, IT, 135.
St. John, Oliver.
Shares, I, 235.
St. Michaels in Cornhill, I, 628; II, 114.
St. Scyths Church, I, 581, 635.
Sermon, I, 575.
St. Thomas Lane, II, 390.
Salaries, I, 162, 164, 165.
Notes of Nath. Rich, I, 104.

See Accounts, payments ordered; planta-
tion, officers; company, officers; tobacco,
contract.

Salisbury, Lord.
Transfers shares, I, 214.
Sammes, Sir John.
Suit with company, I, 124.
Sandys, Sir Edwin, I, 213, 226, 229, 244, 259, 281,
289, 318, 335, 358, 400, 436, 445, 542, 582,
583; II, 320, 322.
Accounts, I, 458, 470, 489, 557, 593; II, 425.

Allowed, II, 419.

To be justified to king, I, 411.

Accused by Argall, II, 50, 79.

By Wrote, Il, 173.

Adventure transferred, II, 327.
Anditor, I, 385, 467; II, 30, 536.
ComMrtrEss:

Answer to Privy Council, II, 323, 326.

Auditing accounts, I, 417.

College, I, 91.

Copland’s ministry, II, 49.

Developing commodities, I, 490.

Freedom of company, II, 278.

Instructions to governor, I, 496.

Martin’s patent, I, 596.

Newce’s patent, I, 448.

Petition, II, 118, 362, 366, 409.

Proposed for, I, 388, 389, 396.

Commirrers—Continued.
Publication, I, 564.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Sale of land, I, 469.
Sending poor to Virginia, I, 489, 555.
Sending youths to Virginia, I, 583.
Sir Thomas Smith’s accounts, I, 417.
Tobacco, I, 304.
Contract, II, 72, 38, 128, 302.
Proclamation on, I, 404.
Spanish, I, 388.
To encourage towns to plant, I, 556
Treatise, I, 490.
Welden’s accounts, I, 594.
Defense against Wrote, IJ, 191.
Director of tobacco contract, IT, 144, 154.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, I,
159.
Joint stock for supplies, [, 273, 522.
Land, I, 469, 487; II, 17, 25, 483.
Land indenture, II, 489.
Lerrers:
Concerning treasurership, I, 133.
To colony, I, 433.
To John Ferrar, I, 136, 140, 141, 142, 144,
145, 150, 151, 154, 155, 159, 160, 185.
To Marquis of Buckingham, I, 140.
To Puritans, I, 126.
To Sir Robert Naunton, I, 139.
To the Earl of Southampton, I, 136.
Parliament, I, 473.
Petition to King, II, 541.
Plan for conduct of business, I, 387-397.
Quietus est, I, 386.
Speech on intimidation of company, II, 309.
Surrenders salary, IT, 219.
Articles on tobacco contract, II, 82.
Sole importation of tobacco, II, 36.
Treasurer, I, 212.
Withdraws as director, II, 269.

INDEX

Sandys, George, I, 149; II, 101, 108.
CoMMITTEES:
Bargrave’s treatise, I, 444.
Debts due Lady Delawar, I, 507.
Petition to parliament, I, 443.
Treatise, I, 490.
Council in Virginia, I, 468, 488.
Glass works, I, 500, 611.
Land and freedom, IL, 101.
Land transferred, I, 436; IT, 17, 25.
Letters to Mr. Ferrar, I, 165, 170.
To Sir Samuel Sandys, I, 167.
To Samuel Wrote, I, 166.
Treasurer in Virginia, I, 450, 453, 468.
To be supplied tenants, II, 541,
Sandys, Henry.
Adventure, II, 327.
Sandys, Sir Samuel, II, 452.
Enforced importation of commodities, I, 565.
Entering courts, IT, 441.
Savage, ——,, I, 504.
Saville, William.
Land, I, 622.
Scott, George.
Adventure transferred, IT, 389, 412.
Anditor, TI, 536.
ComMMITTEEs:
Price of commodities, II, 466.
Importation of Spanish tobacco, I, 388,
420.
Council, II, 448, 457.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,
159.
Land transferred, I, 608.
Seal.
Legal, I, 78n, 259, 262.
Seaward, Isaac.
Adventure, I, 280.
Auditor, IT, 491.
CoMMITTEES:
General, IT, 30, 536.
Securities, II, 484.

Seaward, Samuel.

Freedom of company, II, 74, 89.

Secretary, IJ, 117.

Seldon, ——.

Commirrees:
Proposed for, I, 395.
To draw up tobacco patent, IT, 98.

Selsby, John, I, 400.

Selsby, Thomas, I, 400.

Sermons.

Copland’s, I, 155, 161.
Gift for, I, 545, 582, 628, 635; II, 114, 119, 123,
480.

Servants, I, 159; II, 102, 465.
Account for sending, I, 155.
Contracts with masters, II, 113.
To be transported, I, 271, 275, 287.
See also Planters.

Severne, John.

Deposition, LI, 387.

Shackley, William.

Transfers shares, I, 235,

Sharples, Edward.

Censured, I, 194.

Sheffield, William.
Administrator, IT, 93.
ComMitrEe:

Message to the king, I, 357.

Sheldon, —.

Patent, II, 15.

Sheppard, Thomas, I, 417, 428.

Adventure, I, 223.
Commission, II, 388.
ComMrIrrErs:
Commodities, I, 365.
General, I, 270.
Newce’s patent, I, 448,
Peirs’ accounts, IT, 56.
To ship criminals, I, 272.
Tobacco, contract, II, 128.
Sale of, I, 406.
Council, I, 379, 383.

596
Ships.

Arrived from Virginia, I, 212, 605, 618, 623,
628; II, 342, 478, 500.
Building in colony, I, 402.
Departure of, I, 169; II, 371, 390, 495-496.
Dispatched during Sir Thos. Smith’s time, I,
168.
For officers, I, 455-456, 466, 506.
Joint stock for shipwright, I, 522, 523, 567,577.
Register of, to be kept, II, 112-113, 124-126,
Report for year 1619, I, 351-352.
To be sent to Virginia, I, 108, 262, 277, 295,
379, 410, 476, 506, 568, 575, 624.
To be sent with seed, I, 490.
Abigail, I, 410, 416, 459, 470; ITI, 10, 108, 108,
135, 440, 444.
Account of, Il, 440-441, 444-447,
Security to, II, 455-456.
Abraham of Topsom, II, 262.
Ann of Virginia, II, 262, 371, 496.
Bee, II, 496.
Bona Adventure, I, 339.
Bona Nova, I, 218, 320, 334, 369, 370, 379, 400,
404, 422, 503, 504, 506, 584, 542; II, 156.
Commissioned, 554, 562.
Bonny Bess, I, 169.
Bonny Bess of London, II, 262, 496.
Darling, I, 554, 562.
Discovery, I, 534, 554, 562.
Due Return, II, 438, 496.
Duty, I, 288, 410, 482.
Edwin, I, 129.
Eleanor, II, 104.
Elizabeth, I, 534.
Francis Bona Venture, I, 322, 430.
Furtherance, I, 624; I, 496.
Garland, I, 825, 244.
George, I, 244, 319, 324, 330, 365, 371, 455, 466,
497, 506, 623, 628, 631; II, 345, 496.
George of London, I, 229, 575.
Gift, I, 248.
Godsgift, II, 388, 390, 496.

INDEX
Ships—Continued.

Godhelp, I, 534.
Great Hopewell, II, 496.
Hart, II, 74.
Hopewell, I, 554, 562; Il, 465, 496.
Jacob, II, 430, 465, 496.
James, I, 624; II, 342.
James of London, II, 98.
John and Francis, TH, 156, 496.
Jonathan, I, 289, 337, 409, 480, 509.
London Merchant, I, 295, 309, 312, 410, 430.
Marmaduke, I, 605, 620; Il, 465, 496.
Margaret, I, 131, 134.
Margaret and John, I, 169, 624; II, 99, 496.
Fight with Spanish, I, 146, 169.
Mary Margaret of Topsom, I, 262.
Neptune, I, 217, 219.
New Year’s gift, sold to Earl of Warwick, I,
131.
Plantation, Il, 116.
Return, I, 496, 497.
Royal James, I, 532.
Sampson, II, 529.
Sea Flower, I, 606.
Southampton, I, 463, 496.
Sparrow, IT, 496.
Supply, certificate of sailing, I, 148, 144.
Susan, I, 232, 239.
Swan of Barnstaple, I, 315, 409, 430.
Temperance, II, 307.
Tiger, I, 605; II, 496.
Treasurer, I, 139, 323, 367.
Trial, I, 255, 268, 430, 520.
Truelove of London, II, 93, 449, 496.
Warwick, I, 623.
William and John, II, 262, 496.
William and Thomas, I, 246, 264, 278, 287,
330; II, 388.
See also Charter party; Commissions.

Shippard, ——.

Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,
159.

INDEX
Smith, John—Continued.

Shirley, Henry.

Escaped debtor, I, 128.

Showell, ——, I, 240.

Siezemore, Mathew, I, 408.

Signs and symbols, I, 207, 208.

Silkworm, I, 483, 510.

Simancas Archives, I, 58.

Simonds, Thomas, I, 219.

Slaney, I, 319.

Smale, I, 401.

Smalley, Elizabeth, I, 608; II, 479.
Awarded land and cattle, I, 633.
False oath concerning Argall, IT, 50.
Petition answered, II, 442.

Suit against Argall, I, 543; II, 79.

Smith, ——.

ComMiTrExs:
Children to go to Virginia, II, 90.
Commodities, I, 403.

Letter concerning children, I, 431.
Sale of tobacco, I, 406.
Secretary, I, 484.

Smith, Francis.

Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 148.

Smith, George, I, 213.

CoMMITTEES:

General, I, 386, 467; II, 30, 536.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Peirce’s patent, I, 515.
Tobacco contract, II, 154.
Tllegal planting of tobacco, II, 100.
Sale of, I, 286, 294, 631.
Spanish, IT, 389.
Sumeracale’s plan, I, 365.
Debts transferred, I, 524.

Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands

I, 160.
Nominated for committee, II, 164.

Smith, John, I, 11, 142, 143, 159, 308, 535; II, 233.

CoMMITTEES:
Argall’s accounts, IT, 27.
Developing commodities, I, 490.

Commirrers—Continued.
Instructions to governor, I, 496.
Iron works, I, 472.
Method of petitions, IT, 112.
Petition to King, II, 362.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Sale of land, I, 469.
Tobacco contract, II, 38, 128, 155, 302.
To draw up tobacco patent, IT, 98.
To encourage towns to plant tobacco, I,
556.
Tobacco contract, II, 237.
Sale of, IT, 503.
Treatise, I, 490.
Vice-admiral, I, 540.

Council, I, 478.

Land, I, 460.

Letter to Mr. Berkeley, I, 140.

A Map of Virginia. With a description of the
Countrey, the Commodities, People, Gov-
ernment and Religion. Oxford, 1612, I,
20n.

Referee for Martin’s patent, I, 10.

Request for reward, I, 474.

Transportation of youths, I, 477.

The Generall Historie of Virginia, New Eng-
land, and the Summer Isles: with the names
of the Adventurers, Planters, and Gover
nours, from the first beginning An. 1584 to
this present 1626, ete. London, 1624, I, 20n;
proposed, I, 451.

A True Relatione of such occurrences and acci-
dents of note as hath hapened in Virginea since
the first plantinge of that Colonie, ee. Lon-
don, 1608, I, 20n.

Works. "Edited by E. Arber, 1884, I, 20n.

Smith, Robert, I, 582.

Com™itTrEEs:
Argall’s accounts, IT, 27.
College, II, 91.
Magazine, I, 241.

598

Smith, Robert—Continued.
Commrrrres—Continued.
Method of petitions, II, 112.
Petition, H, 118.
Proposed, I, 396.
Publication, I, 564.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Survivals of massacre, H, 94.
Tobacco contract, IT, 38, 128, 155, 237.
To draw up tobacco patent, II, 98.
Council, I, 379, 383.
Land, I, 56.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 160.
Opposed salaries, IT, 152.
Referee for Martin’s patent, IT, 10.
Smith, Roger, captain, I, 320, 433.
CoMMITTEES:
Colonel in Virginia, I, 569.
Council in Virginia, I, 520.
Smith, William.
Land, I, 378.
Nominated as secretary for Virginia, I, 478.
Suit with Bargrave, I, 616.
Smiths Hundred, I, 241, 311.
Account with magazine, I, 287.
Meeting, I, 129.
Rights to fish, I, 285.
Smyth, Richard.
Land, I, 143.
Smyth of Nibley papers, I, 55.
Smythe, Sir Thomas, (Smith) I, 151, 223, 224,
233, 235, 237, 263, 285, 339, 372, 387, 401,
414, 417, 424, 429, 450, 621, 630; II, 45, 145,
320, 304, 402, 403.
Accounts to be audited, I, 212, 217, 225; II,
438.
Commissioner of Navy, I, 212.
Commission for fishing voyage, I, 145.
CoMMITTEE:
Goods, I, 321.
Debta, II, 219.

INDEX

Smythe, Sir Thomas (Smith) —Continued.
Desires quietus est, I, 212.
Granted shares for service, I, 214.
House for meeting of magazine, I, 228, 235,
237, 254.
Land, II, 145.
Lert, I, 123.
To Secretary Conway, I, 192, 198.
To De Lawar and Argall, II, 51-55.
To the Lord President Mandeville, I, 198.
To Ralph Winwood, I, 123.
Magazine accounts, I, 287, 328, 365.
Nominated by King for treasurer, I, 348.
Resigns from treasurership, I, 212.
Suit against Captain Bargrave, I, 496.
See also Accounts, Sir Thomas Smith.
Snellinge, Erasmus, II, 457.
Snoad, John.
Deposition, II, 386.
Soan, Joseph, II, 532.
Soan, Martha.
Petition for adventure, IT, 532.
Soan, Sydrac.
Petition for adventure, II, 632.
Solicitor, I, 444.
Somers Islands.
Adventure transferred, IT, 413.
Arms for, II, 100.
Butler’s government described, II, 405-409.
Claim by Mathew Summers for ambergreece,
II, 46-49.
Committee, I, 374.
Court, I, 591, 592.
Desire petition to Parliament, I, 443.
Discovery of, I, 47-49.
Error in court book, I, 430.
Freedom from customs, I, 282.
Governor for, II, 464.
Indian maids, I, 485, 496; II, 35.
Land in Virginia, I, 425, 430, 492, 582; II,
158-159.
Orders and Consiitutions, I, 152.

INDEX

Somers Islande—Continued.
Orders omitted from court, I, 166.
Request servants from king, I, 272.
Ship to touch at, IT, 390.
Tobacco, II, 501-503.
Contract, IT, 98, 160, 298.
Committee on sale of, IT, 413.
Sale of, IT, 501-603, 517.
Wrote’s objection to salaries, IT, 244.
See also Courts.
Somers, Matthew, captain, I, 462.
Land, I, 415, 434.
Patent, I, 474.
Petition, IT, 46, 79, 511, 513, 514.
Southampton, Earl of, (Henry Wriothesley) I,
218, 245, 262, 263, 376, 385, 400, 403, 408, 506;
TI, 302, 329, 416,420, 519.
.ccounts, II, 18, 27, 426.
Censures Wrote, II, 194.
ComMrrrEEs:
Message to the King, I, 357.
Tobacco contract, II, 38, 128.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,
159.
Joint stock, I, 522.
Land, I, 378; IT, 483.
Land indenture, IT, 488.
Land transferred, II, 243.
Magazine account, I, 260.
Nominee for treasurer, IT, 29.
Patents, I, 347, 375, 380, 439.
Quietus est, TI, 444, 452-453.
To continue as treasurer, II, 424, 631-532.
Treasurer, I, 385, 471; H, 17, 29, 535.
Southampton house, I, 261.
Southampton Hundred, I, 535.
School in, I, 586, 587.
South Sea, I, 504.
Southerton, Elias.
Land, II, 243.
Southey, Henry.
Patent, I, 575, 584.

Spain, I, 431, 483.
Privy Council, order of, concerning “‘Treas-
urer,’’ I, 182, 189.
Complains against ‘‘Treasurer,”’ I, 367.
Fight with ‘Margaret and John,’’ I, 146.
Relation to colonies, II, 315, 316, 323.
Rumor of attack on colony, I, 124.
Spanish agent, I, 317.
Spanish ambassador, I, 359; II, 53.
Spanish ships, I, 509, 516.
Spanish trouble, I, 367.
Spanish wreck, II, 171.
Spark, ——, I, 334.
Sparrow, Stephen, I, 235.
Land and servants, I, 16.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
TI, 160.
Transfers adventure, I, 300.
Spelman, Henry, I, 11, 169, 310.
Spelman’s Relation. Edited by Charlea F. Hun-
newell. London, 1872, I, 37.
Spruson, ——, I, 401, 414; II, 495.
Stallenge, Jaspar, Captain, I, 274, 432.
Standard, W. 8., The Virginia Archives, I, 54n.
Standing orders. See Laws and orders.
Staples, Robert.
Minister, I, 535, 544, 635.
Star Chamber, I, 328; 1; 530.
State papers, colonial and domestic.
Contents, I, 64.
History, I, 68.
Importance, 1, 64.
Stephens, John.
Land assigned, II, 107.
ComMrITTEE:
Price of commodities, II, 466.
Stephens, Richard.
Land, I, 625.
Steward, Augustine.
Transfers adventure, I, 281.
Steward, James.
Patent, OH, 132.

600

Btiles.
Nominated for deputy by King, II, 28.
Stith, William, I, 43.
History of the First Discovery and Settlement of
Virginia. Williamsburg, 1747, I, ——.
Stokes, ——, Lieutenant.
Requests land for service, I, 217.
Stokemandevill, ——, I, 624.
Strange, John.
Share received, I, 223.
Stratford, John, I, 150.
Note for tobacco, I, 150.
Stringer, James.
Prisoner, I, 131.
Stringer, Samuel.
Died, I, 106.
Strutt, John, II, 77.
Strutt, Robert, II, 77.
Stubbins, Thomas, I, 372.
Stubbs, ——.
Adventure, I, 418.
Suits, I, 93.
Threatened vs. Jacobb, I, 258.
See also Chancery; Admiralty.
Summers, Sir George (Somers), I, 425, 449, 451.
Accounts and will, I, 462.
Summers, Nicholas, I, 462.
Sumerscales, Robert, I, 218, 220, 370, 398, 403.
Sunken Marsh, I, 308.
Sunnybank, ——, doctor.
Freedom of company, II, 20, 26.
Swaine, Thomas, I, 372.
Swayne, Arthur (Swaine, Swann), I, 372, 482,
517.
Land and freedom, IT, 74, 89.
Patent, I, 534, 561.
Swayne, William, I, 372.
Swann. See Swayne.
Sweden, I, 420, 430.

Swift, I, 297, 303, 428.

INDEX

Swinhowe, —.
CommITrEEs:
Letter concerning children, I, 431.
Nicholas Ferrar’s accounts, I, 576.
Sydrack, ——.
Adventure inherited, LI, 532.
Symonds, William. A Sermonpreached at White-
Chappel, in the presence of many, Honourable and
Worshipfull, the Adventurers and Planters for
Virginia. London, 1609, 1, 32n.
Tasborough, Sir John.
To receive land, I, 246.
Tatem, ——, IJ, 510.
Tavernor, John.
Adventure granted, I, 223.
Taylor, Robert, I, 544.
Freed, I, 544,
Proposed as factor, II, 169.
Tenants.
For East India School, I, 550, 559.
Freed, I, 508.
For glass works, I, 493.
For iron works, I, 476.
For vice-admiral, IT, 75.
See also Planters.
Thompkins, I, 295.
Thompson, Captain.
Contract for ship to Virginia, I, 277.
Thompson, Maurice.
Deposition, II, 386.
Thompson, John, I, 131, 289, 295, 337.
Thornborough, Sir John, I, 344.
Adventure transferred, IJ, 505, 508.
Thornhill, Sir Timothy.
Land, II, 262.
Thorpe, George, I, 134, 142, 143, 144, 594.
Charter, I, 382.
CoMMITTEES:
Censure of Alderman Johnson, I, 244.
Debts due Lady De Lawar, I, 507.
To dispatch magazine ship, I, 245.

INDEX

Tobacco—Continued.
Conrraor—Continued.

Thorpe, George—Continued.
Council in Virginia, I, 379, 383, 479.
College land, I, 382.
Debts, I, 191.
Deputy for college land, I, 349.
Instructions, I, 143.
Letters to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 147, 148.
Letter to John Smyth, I, 134, 145.
Patents, I, 375.
Throckmorton, Sir William (Throgmorton), I,
338.
Letter to Sir George Yeardley, I, 135.
Transfers share, I, 140.
Tickenor, ———.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 160.
Tilbury Hope, I, 278, 295.
Tobacco, I, 221, 248, 266, 286, 287, 329.
Account in Middleborough, I, 570, 572; IT, 108.
Certificate of, I, 125.
Not to be used as coin, I, 519.
Committee to King, I, 194, 196.
Computation by Nicholas Ferrar, I, 172.
Conrnact, I, 163.
Charges of sale, proportioned, II, 71, 86.
Customs under, II, 58, 98, 332, 338-339.
Enforced importation of all commodities,
II, 298, 305, 306-307, 308, 309, 312,
315-317, 321-323.
Answered, 325-327, 379.
Freight by company, II, 58, 59, 60, 71,
86, 332.
Garbelling, patent of, II, 59, 60, 66, 67, 71,
82, 84.
General committees on, I, 223.
King—
Letter, I, 166.
Orders contract, I, 196.
Share in proceeds, one-fourth, II, 68.
One-third, IJ, 59, 60, 67, 69-70,
82, 86, 338.

601

Officers for management, II, 144-145, 148-
150, 155, 272-273.
Opposition to—I, 166.
Before Lord Treasurer, II, 297-800.
Before Privy Council, II, 302-306,
329, 335.
Liability of individuals, II, 165-168.
Order of Privy Council for, I, 164.
Patent—
Approved by Privy Council, II, 265.
Articles sent to Lord Treasurer, II, 82.
Attorney-general to draw, II, 162.
Committee for drawing, II, 98, 156,
243, 293.
Dissolved by Privy Council, I, 392.
Entertained, II, 69.
Excepted to by Lord Treasurer, IT, 82.
Modified, IT, 121, 188-140, 142-144.
Petition concerning, to King, I, 335-
340.
Planting, in England and Ireland re-
strained, II, 68, 85.
Ratified by company, I, 85-88, 148.
Reconsidered, II, 330-333.
Respited three or four months, II,
265-266, 273.
Signed by Lord Treasurer, IT, 147-148,
264.
Propositions—
Of Lord High Treasurer, I, 164; II,
36-37,
Entertained, IT, 38.
Of Nath. Rich, I, 164.
To King, II, 58-59, 80.
Exceptions, 1, 59, 80.
Answer to exceptions, I, 60-68,
81.
Salaries—IT, 150-152.
Approved, II, 153.

602 INDEX
Tobacco—Continued.

Tobacco—Continued.
Contract—Continued.
Salaries—Continued.

Detrimental to planters, II, 220.

Discussion of, II, 152-153, 219-225,
266-273.

_Johnson’s proposition, II, 270-271.

Opposed by Wrote, II, 169-177, 183,
189-195, 197-214, 240-243.

Wrote’s project, II, 226-227.

Discussed and refused, II, 228-
281, 232-240.
Sale, management of—-

By candle, II, 293.

Company, sole management, IT, 58,
71, 87, 332, 339.

In bulk, Ti, 291, 295.

Plans for receipt, sale, and distribu-
tion, II, 280-293, 333.

Price, II, 290, 291, 298-300.

Retail price, II, 59, 61, 87, 188-139.

Sale suspended, IJ, 56.

To be sold before division, II, 70, 332,
339-440.

Sole importation, 11, 58, 85, 380, 338, 336-
338.

At 12d. custom proposed, II, 297-300,
312-317, 320-321.

Estimates of, II, 297, 313.

Petition for, I1, 364-366, 367-368, 371-
872.

Proposition from Nath. Rich, II, 342-
344, 364-366, 367-368.

Spanish, II, 59.

Argued, II, 61-64, 70-71, 82, 84, 87,
121, 127-128, 188, 380-331, 387-338,
342-344, 364-366.

Committee on management, under,
II, 128, 144-145.

Covenant additional to patent, II,
142-144,

Defended to king, II, 352-362.

Contract—Continued.
Spanish—Continued.
Time of contract, II, 66, 82, 83.
Warehouse, IT, 156.
Customs, I, 196, 245, 258, 275, 200, 201; II,
37, 314-315, 335. |
Increase accepted, I, 292, 296, 304.
Collector for, I, 245.
Committee on, I, 245, 248, 275. |
Freed from, I, 281, 289; II, 519-520.
Farming of impost declined by company,
I, 290, 291.
Jacobb, collector of, I, 132, 328; II, 68.
Freight, I, 380, 381.
Foreign sale prohibited, I, 150.
Garbling of, I, 298.
Grievances presented to king, I, 194, 196.
Importation, I, 149, 162.
Amount in seven years, II, 61.
Illegal, I, 62.
Proclamation prohibiting, II, 162-168,
265-266, 293.
All to be brought to England, I, 526, 526-
529, 581-532, 587, 565, 568-569.
Resisted by company, I, 398, 402, 404,
405, 442-443.
Increase, committee on, I, 304.
Maaazzing, I, 304, 315, 316, 348, 380, 505.
First described, I, 282.
Letter from, I, 167.
Officers for, I, 505.
Officers in Ireland, II, 169.
Order of counci! in Virginia, I, 190.
PARLIAMENT:
Bill, I, 194.
Petition to, I, 442-448.
Restrains planting in England, I, 258, 291,
292.
Planted contrary to law, I, 327, 328.
Proprietors, II, 82.
Restrained in Virginia, I, 329, 413, 480,

INDEX

Tobacco—Continued.
Received from Virginia, I, 504.
Receipt for, I, 127,
To be released, I, 136, 137.
Proclamation restraining disordered trading,
I, 141.
Roll and leaf, II, 86,
Bae or:
Committee on, I, 294, 297, 321, 508; II,
413, 517.
High price, I, 480.
Letter concerning, I, 501-503, 517.
Objected to by Privy Council, I, 526, 526-
529, 531-632, 537.
Payment of John Ferrar, IT, 24.
Payments, I, 122.
Plans for, I, 289, 294, 298, 299, 304, 312,
315, 316.
Sir Thomas Roe’s contract for, II, 68.
Sold, I, 343.
To be sold, I, 525, 681, 632.
To besold in Flushing, I, 406, 422, 482, 505.
Sour importation:
By Sir Thomas Rowe, I, 189.
Order of Privy Council, I, 139, 141.
Origin of, II, 68.
Petition for, I, 139, 281-284.
Sranian, I, 282, 290; II, 313, 314,
Compared with Virginia, I, 282.
Committeo on importation of, II, 420, 480.
Joint stock for importing, 11, 156, 163,
164, 166-168, 221, 222, 269, 387-388, 389,
411, 420,
Petition to king against, II, 541.
Petition to parliament against, II, 538,
540.
Source of income, I, 95-96.
Sumerscale’s, plan for patent, I, 364, 370, 398.
Allowed, 403.
Considered, I, 218.
Reported adversely, I, 219,

603

Tobacco—Continued.
Summer Islands Company alone to import,
I, 406, 442-443.
Tasters appointed, I, 136.
Transported, customs free, I, 70.
See also Accounts and Magazine,
Tomlins, Richard, I, 228, 615; II, 479, 483.
Commirrrss:
Argall’s accounts, II, 27,
Care of records, HI, 432.
Martin’s patent, I, 636.
Petition, I, 607; I, 118,
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618,
Securities, II, 484,
To collect subscriptions, I, 533,
Council, TI, 421, 429,
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II,
159.
Land transferred, II, 497.
Referee for Martin’s patent, IT, 10,
Tracy, Gayles, I, 142, 148, 144,
Tracy, William, I, 296, 303.
Charter, I, 404,
Council in Virginia, I, 379, 388, 479,
Death, I, 520,
Debt, I, 535.
Letter to John Smyth, I, 189, 140, 141, 143,
144, ;
Trade.
Commission for, I, 548.
Custom of, II, 325-326,
Freedom guaranteed company, IT, 325-896.
Freedom in Virginia, I, 241,
To be argued, I, 278.
Granted, I, 294, 303,
With Indians, IT, 52.
See also Magazine.
Tradesmen.
For college land, I, 234,
Treasurer, Lord, I, 633.

604

Trevor, Sir John, jr.
Land, II, 279, 295.

Trevor, Sir John, sr.

Land transferred, IT, 279, 295.

Trials. Sce Opposition and Disputes.

Truckmaster, I, 214.

Truelove, Rowland.

Commission, II, 93.
Land, I, 523, 534.
Patent, I, 534, 554, 561.

A True declaration of the estate of the Colony of
Virginia, with a confutaéon of such scandalous
reportes as have tended to the disgrace of so
worthy an enterprise. London, 1610, I, 31.

A True and sincere declaration of the purpose and
ends of the Plantation begun in Virginia of
the degrees which it hath received; and meanes
by which it hath beene advanced: and the resolution
and conclusion of His Majesties Councel of that
Colony for the constant and patient prosecution
thereof, untill by the mercies of God it shall ret-
ribute a fruitful harvest to the Kingdome of heaven,
and this Common- Wealth. London, 1610, I, 31.

Tubman, Samuel, I, 331.

Tucker, Daniel, captain, I, 158, 458, 472; II,

483.

Adventure and land, I, 223; II, 74, 90.

CoMMITTEE:
New patent for Martin’s Hundred, I, 578.
Revision of Jaws and orders, I, 618.

Land, I, 427.

Offices, I, 214.

Patent, I, 624; II, 29, 32.

Requests shares for service, I, 214.

Tucker, William.

Accounta questioned, I, 104.
Tue, Mrs. Mary.

Land, II, 74.

Land transferred, II, 74, 89.
Tufton, Sir Nicholas.

Adventure, I, 364.

INDEX

Tufton, Sir Nicholas—Continued.
Commirrres:
Iron works, I, 472.
Message to the King, I, 357.
Summer Islands, I, 375.
Turner, ——, Doctor.
Adventure, II, 21.

Tutchin, Edmund.

Commission, II, 438.

Twisden, Sir Roger.

Land, H, 218.

Twisden, Sir William.

Land transferred, IT, 218.

Undergod, ——, I, 182.

Upton, ——, Captain, I, 132.

Ursinus, Zacharias.

Catechism, I, 589.
Valentia, I, 510.

Veere, Sir Horatio, I, 339.

Council, II, 261.
Venison, II, 114.

Vesie, William.

Land, II, 122.
Vice-admiral, I, 214, 382.
Viner, Thomas, I, 372.

Adventure transferred, II, 327.

Land transferred, II, 295.

Virginia. See Plantation.

Virginia Company of London. Letter to the
Governor and Council in Virginia, I, 158. See
also Company.

Virginia, Counsell of. The New Life of Virginea:
Declaring the former svccesse and present estate
of that plantation. London, 1612, I, 32.

Virginia, The Counsell of. A publication by the
Counsell of Virginea, touching the Plantation there.
London, 1610. [Broadside.] I, 32.

Virginia, The Counsell of. By the Counsell of
Virginea. (No imprint.) 1610. [Broadside.]
I, 82.

Virginia, The Counsel of. By the Counsell of
Virginea. London, 1611. I, 32.

INDEX

Virginia. By the Treasurer, Councill and Com-
pany. London, 1620. [Broadside.] I, 57n.,
88-91, 138, 140.

Virginia. A Declaration of the State of the Colony
and Affaires in Virginia, with The Names of
the Aduenturors, and Summes aduentured in
that Action. By his Majesties Counseil for Vir-
ginia. 22 Junij, 1620. London. Printed by
Thos. Snodham. 1620. (92 pp.) I, 88-91,
141.

A Note of the Shipping, men, and Provisions sent
to Virginia by the Treasurer and Company.
[Broadside.] 1619, I, 181, 141.

A Note of the Shipping, men, and Provisions sent
and provided for Virginia by Right Honorable
Henry Earle of South-hampton, and the Com-
pany and other private Adventurers, in the year
1621. With other occurents of note. Gifts, and
Patents. [Broadside.]}, I, 57n, 145.

A Valuation of the Commodities growing and to be
had in Virginia, rated as they areworth, I, 138.

Virginia Inconveniences; That have happened to
some persons which have transported them-
selves from England to Virginia. 1622. [Broad:
side.) I, 56n, 88-91, 152.

Virginia richly valued. By the description of
the main land of Florida, her next neighbor:
oe Written by a Portugall gentlemen of
Elnas, emploied in al) action, and translated out
of the Portuguese by Richard Hacklvyt. Lon-
don, 1609. I, 82.

Vivian, Christopher.

Land, II, 217

Vote.

Proxy, I, 578.

Wake, Sir Isaac.
Letter to Secretary Conway, I, 193.

Wale, Thomas, I, 401.
Northern fishing, I, 474.
Waller, John.
Land transferred, II, 146.

Waller, William, I, 368.

Ward, John, Captain.
Patenta, I, 347.

Warde, William, I, 400.
Letter to Lord Zouch, I, 132.

Wariscoyack, II, 381.

Warrant.
To trade, I, 182.
See also Charters and Commissions.

Warwick, Earl of (Robert Rich), I, 226; II,
403-405, 407, 412.

CoMMITTEES: ;
Censure of Alderman Johnson, I, 242, 244.
Entering courta, II, 441.
Present petition to King, II, 366.
Tobacco, I, 275, 304.
Tobacco customs, I, 245, 248, 328.
Tobacco contract, II, 302.

Spanish tobacco, II, 388.

Councillor, I, 227.

Letter to Secretary Conway, I, 199.

Subscriber to tobacco stock, IT, 388.

Waterhouse, Edward, I, 82, 633, 636; II, 472,
501, 503.

A Declaration of the State of the Colony and
Affaires in Virginia. With a Relation of the
Barbarous Massacre in the time of peace
and League, treacherously executed by the
Natiue Infidels vpon the English, the 22 of
March last. And A Treatise annexed,
Written by that learned Mathemetician
Mr. Henry, Together with the names of
those that were massacred; that their law-
full heyres, by this notice giuen, may take
order for the inheriting of their lands and
estatesin Virginia. Alsoa Commemoration
of such worthy Benefactors as haue con-
tributed their Christian Charitie towards
the aduancement of the Colony. And a

606

Waterhouse, Edward—Continued.
Note of the Charges of necessary provisions
fit for euery man that intends to go to Vir-
ginia. Published by Authoritie. London,
1622, I, 56n, 152.
Petition, II, 517.
‘Waterhouse, Francis.
Patent, I, 534.
Waterhouse, Thomas.
Accounts, IT, 14.
Accounts, Sir Thomas Smith’s, I, 618.
Collector, I, 533, 551, 560, 580; IT, 14.
Land, I, 534, 580, 590.
Patent, I, 534.
Secretary for Virginia, nominated as, I, 478.
Solicitor, II, 155.
Wainman, Sir Thomas.
Land, I, 246.
Patent, I, 252.
Watson, William, I, 372.
Waynwright, Thomas.
Land, IT, 56.
Webb, Thomas.
Land assigned, I, 509.
Webb, William, I, 278, 347, 401, 414, 535; II, 446.
Adventure transferred, I, 362.
CoMMITTEES:
Care of maids, I, 427, 428.
Peirce’s patent, I, 515.
Provisioning of passengers, II, 440.
Sale of tobacco, IT, 413.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, IT,
117.
Elected husband, I, 213, 386, 468; IT, 31, 155,
536.
Joint stock, I, 495.
Weldon, William, Captain.
Claim against company, I, 601-604.
Claim denied, I, 606.
Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 139.
Patent, 1, 579, 584.
Tobacco, I, 517, 593.

INDEX

Wellis, William, I, 414. ‘

Patent, I, 414.
Wentworth, Henry.

Land, I, 635.

Petition to King, I, 519.
West, Francis, I, 153.

Master of ordinance, I, 126.
West, Nathaniel, captain, I, 126.
West, Sir Thomas.

Instructions, I, 122.

West Indies, II, 315.
Weston, ——, II, 110.
Weston, Francis.

Planter, Il, 532.
Weston, Garrett.

Land, II, 532.

Petition, II, 511.

Westrowe, Thomas, I, 219.
Wetherell, Thomas, I, 372.
Weyncop, anne I, 221.
Weynman, Sir Ferdinando.

Land, I, 381.
Weynmane, Sir Francis.

Land, I, 384, 436.

Patent, I, 398.

Wheat, William.

Land, I, 548.

Wheatley, Thomas, I, 213.

CoMMITTEES:

Colonel in Virginia, I, 569.
Commodities, I, 403.
General, I, 386; I, 30.
Joint stock for glass, I, 514.
Laws and officers for Virginia, I, 216.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
Survivals of massacre, IT, 94.
Suspension of laws, II, 531.
Tobacco, I, 291; II, 154.
Spanish tobacco, H, 389.
Council, II, 448, 457.
Dismissed from committee, IT, 536.

INDEX

Wheatley, Thomas—Continued. Williamson, Lawrence.
Favored land indenture, Summer Islands, II, Adventure, IT, 362.
157. Wills and testaments.
Nominated for committee, IT, 154. Records to be kept, IT, 113.
Oath, I, 403. Wiimer, Clement.
Wheeler, John. Land transferred, I, 685.
Letter to Sir Ralph Winwood, I, 123. Wilmer, George.
Whetcombe, —~. CoMMITYEE:
Adventure, I, 378. Joint stock for Spanish tobacco, I, 388.
White, George. Discussion of salaries, II, 221.
Pardon, I, 126. Land, I, 635.
White, John, II, 165. Wilson, Thomas, I, 158.
CoMMITTEES: Land, I, 548.
Care of records, IT, 482. Winston, Thomas, Dr. (Wynston), 1, 275, 314,
Letter to colonel, IT, 378. 316, 341, 369.
Message to king, II, 371. Adventure, I, 223.
Petition to king, II, 362. ComMrrress:
Tobacco contract, II, 333. Commodities, I, 370, 518.
To draw up tobacco patent, IT, 98. Education of infidels’ children, I, 307.
Sale of tobacco, I, 503. General, I, 270.
Council, II, 421, 429. Joint stock for glass, I, 514.
Letter to Sir Francis Wyatt, I, 189. Newce’s patent, I, 448.

Petition to Sir Francis Wyatt, I, 191. Publication, I, 286.
White, William. Salt works, I, 318.
Land, I, 534. Tobacco, I, 299, 304.
Patent, I, 534. Transportation of children, I, 287.
Transportation of servants, I, 289.
Council, I, 379, 383.
Suit against Wye, I, 326.

Whitson, ——, alderman of Bristol.

Freedom of company, II, 20, 26.

Whittaker, Alexander.

Letter to Sir Edwin Sandys, I, 147.

Good Newes from Virginia. Sent to the Coun-
sell and Company of Virginia, resident in
England. From Alexander Whitaker, the
Minister in Henrico in Virginia, ete. 1613.

1,62. CoMMITT EES:

Deematiad, 1.508. Auditing accounts, II, 417.
Whittaker, Jabez, I, 370, 513. Commodities, I, 413, 518.
Widowes, —. General, I, 386, 467; II, 30, 536.

Commodities, I, 518; II, 466. Newce’s patent, I, 448.
‘Wilcocks, Michael, I, 181. Proposed, I, 392, 393.

Winwood, Ralph.
Letter, I, 122.
Wiseman, Richard, I, 213, 380, 410, 455; II,
495.
Auditor, I, 213, 238; II, 491.
Bookkeeper, HH, 155.

608

Wiseman, Richard—Continued.
CommirrrEs—Continued.
To ship criminals, I, 272.
Tobacco, I, 291.
Iegal planting of, in England, II
100.
Sale of, I, 294, 406.
Nominated for committee, I], 154.
Oaths, I, 403.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
TI, 160.
Patent, I, 414, 534, 562.
Wisher, Gabriel, I, 430.
‘Withers, Anthony.
Adventure, IT, 438.
Commodity proposed, I, 521.
Withers, Richard, II, 186, 233, 501, 542.
Adventure, II, 442, 505, 508.
Auditor on magazine, II, 134,
CoMMITTEES:
Care of records, II, 432.
Freedom of company, II, 278.
Petition to king, II, 362.
Price of commodities, II, 466.
Tobacco—
Contract, Il, 128, 154.
Sale of, II, 503.
Spanish, IT, 420.
Freedom of company, II, 278.
Nominated for committee, IT, 154.
Wives. See Women.
Wheeler, John.
Letter, I, 123.
Whitney, Francis, esquire.
Shares received, I, 223.
Windham, Hugh, merchant.
Share received, I, 223.
Wolstenholme, Henry.
Land transferred, I, 680.
Wolstenholme, Sir John, I, 212, 219, 238, 240,
248, 261, 273, 294, 304, 310; II, 371, 412.
Adventure, I, 273.

INDEX

Wolstenholme, Sir John—Continued.
CoMMITTEES:
Censure of Alderman Johnson, I, 244.
College, I, 28.
Commodities, I, 370.
Goods, I, 321.
Martin’s patent, I, 636.
Orders and grants, I, 215.
Proposed for, I, 390.
Revision of lawa and orders, I, 618.
Sale of tobacco, I, 286.
Spanish tobacco, IT, 388, 420.
Welden’s accounts, I, 594.
Examiner of magazine accounts, I, 263
Land, I, 251, 599, 630.
Land transferred, I, 599.
Magazine, I, 365.
Nominated for treasurer by king, II, 28.
Proposition in place of tobacco contract, I,
312.
Winne, Edmund.
Patent, II, 20, 32.
‘Women, I, 391.
Cared for, I, 428.
Charge for sending, I, 256.
Indian maids, I, 485, 496.
Joint stock for sending to colony, I, 515, 566.
To be sent, I, 256, 269.
Wood, ——,, I, 420.
Wood, Abrose.
Land transferred, I, 630.
Wood, John, I, 402.
Wood, Phillip.
Land, I, 619.
Wood, Thomas.
Cattle, I, 428.
‘Woodall, —, IT, 371.
Accusation approved, IT, 324.
CoMMITTEE:
Importation of Spanish tobacco, II, 388.
Opposed to land indenture, Summer Islands,
II, 160.

INDEX

Woodall—Continued.

Opposition to the company, I, 460.

Petitions against, II, 279.

Proposition for cattle, I, 578.

Submitted, I, 542.

Subscriber to tobacco stock, IT, 388

Woodcocke, James.

Land, I, 548.

Woodleefe, John, Captain.

Commission, I, 135.

Commission revoked, I, 142.

Patent, I, 232.

Patents transferred, I, 252.

Remembrances, I, 135.

Woodnoth, Arthur, I, 81.

A short collection of the most Remarkable
Passages from the originall to the dissolution
of the Virginia Company, I, 80, 80n.

Woodshawe, Thomasin, I, 160.
Worsley, Sir Richard.
Patent, I, 414, 462, 466.
Worsly, Sir Bowyer.
Patent, I, 629; II, 20, 32.
Wright, John, I, 171.
Wrote, Samuel, I, 319, 330, 443, 521, 541, 578;
II, 27, 168, 394, 499.

Accusation of false entry, IT, 243.

Adventure, I, 319.

Appeal to quarter court for trial, II, 183.

CoMMITTEES:

Acts of the Assembly, I, 336.

Argall’s accounts, II, 27.

Bargrave’s treatise, I, 444.

Brinsley’s book, I, 574.

Children to go to Virginia, II, 90.

College, II, 91.

Colonel in Virginia, I, 569.

Commodities, I, 518.

Deputies for plantation, I, 340.

General, I, 365.

Iron works, [, 472.

Land patents, I, 492.
16456—voL 2—06——39

Wrote, Samuel—Continued.
Commitrezs—Continued.
Magazine, I, 371.
Martin’s patent, I, 661, 596, 611.
Method of petitions, II, 112.
Newce’s patent, I, 448.
New patent for Martins Hundred, I, 578.
Nicholas Ferrar’s accounts, I, 576.
Petition, I, 607; I, 118.
Proposed for, I, 389, 390, 396.
Publication, I, 564.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Salt works, I, 318.
Sending youths to Virginia, I, 583.
Sumerscale’s plan, I, 365.
Tobacco, I, 299.
Tobacco contract, Il, 128, 155, 237.
To draw up tobacco patent, IT, 98.
Proclamation on tobacco, I, 404.
Sale of tobacco, I, 406.
To encourage towns to plant, I, 556.
Treatise, I, 490.
Usher to Virginia, I, 600.
Vice-admiral, I, 540.
Wye business, I, 341, 344, 358, 367, 380,
383.
Copy of court refused, II, 186.
Council, I, 379, 383.
Excepts as to court entries, II, 181-187.
Excluded from council, IT, 257-258.
Fear of Southampton, as privy councillor, II,
200.
Leaves court, I, 194.
Liabilities for company, [1, 165-168.
Objections to salaries, II, 240-243.
On laws and orders, II, 163.
Opposition to contract, II, 298.
Project for salaries, II, 220, 232-240.
Proposition on commodities, I, 517.
Referee for Martin’s patent, IT, 10.
Restored by privy council, I, 178.
On salaries, II, 169.

610

Wrote, Samuel—Continued.
Sentence desired, IT, 342.
Submission, H, 183.
Suit with Wye, II, 141, 448.
Suspended from company, II, 258.
Suspended from council, II, 195.
Threatens appeal to King, II, 200.
Trial, II, 188-195, 197-214.
Trial and censure of, II, 249-259.
Wroth, John, I, 219, 229; II, 536.
Auditor, I, 213, 385, 444, 467; II, 30.
CoMMITTEES:
Berblock’s propositions, I, 347.
Censure of Alderman Johnson, I, 242, 244.
Children, I, 300.
College, I, 234.
To dispatch magazine ship, I, 245.
Education of infidel’s children, I, 307.
General, I, 365.
Goods, I, 321.
Lotteries, I, 295.
Magazine, I, 241.
Nicholas Ferrar’s accounts, I, 576.
Orders and granta, I, 215.
Petition, II, 118.
Proposed for, I, 388, 396.
Salt works, I, 318.
Transportation of children, I, 287.
Tobacco, I, 275.
Wroth, Sir Thomas, I, 304, 335, 372, 417; II, 220,
409.
CoMMITTEES:
Acts of the assembly, I, 336.
Children, I, 300.
Commodities, I, 518.
Education of infidel’s children, I, 307.
Goods, I, 321.
Instructions to governor, I, 496.
Land patents, I, 492.
Laws and officers for Virginia, I, 216.
Martin’s patent, I, 596.

INDEX

Wroth, Sir Thomas—Continued.
Commirrrrs—Continued.
New patent for Martins Hundred, I, 578.
Patent, I, 436.
Revision of laws and orders, I, 618.
Secretary, I, 484.
Transportation of children, I, 287.
Usher to Virginia, I, 600.
Dissatisfied with Brewster’s acquittal, I, 365-
367.
Nominated director, II, 272.
Wyatt, Sir Francis, I, 436, 497, 506; II, 108.
Adventure, I, 418.
Commission from King as governor, I, 199.
ComMrrTTEss:
Bargrave's treatise, I, 444.
Debts due Lady De Lawar, I, 507.
Iron works, I, 472.
Petition to parliament, I, 443.
Treatise, I, 490.
Governor in Virginia, I, 440, 449.
Governor of colony, IT, 537.
Letter from, II, 519.
Letter to John Ferrar, I, 170.
Minister, I, 516.
Petition to company, II, 452.
Renominated, II, 530.
Resignation of, II, 525, 536.
To be supplied temants, I, 541.
Wye, William, I, 325, 407.
Wynn, Edmond.
Patent, I, 632.
Yarmouth, Assembly of.
Order concerning Virginia lottery, I, 125.
Yeardley, Sir George, I, 239, 255, 257, 274, 287,
318, 320, 323, 325, 329, 332, 333, 336, 400,
440, 485, 588; II, 45, 105, 113, 119, 404, 405.
Accounts, II, 108.
Commissioned as governor by King, I, 119.
Larress: I, 122, 134, 229.
Tothe company, I, 325, 503; II, 307, 342.

INDEX

Yeardley, Sir George—Continued. Zane, Isaac, IJ, 43.
Lerrers—Continued. Zouch, Edward, Lord, I, 218.
To the New Magazine Company, I, 147. Covenant with Lord DeLawar, I, 127.
To Sir Henry Peyton, I, 122. Letter to Captain Ward, I, 129.
To Sir Ed. Sandys, I, 131, 140, 148. Warrant to John Fenner, I, 132.
Patent, I, 579, 584. Zouch, John (esquire), I, 372, 375, 381, 384; II,
To return, I, 435. 177, 449, 457.
Yeardley, Ralph, I, 287. Receiver of King’s rents, II, 177.
Yate, Ferdinando. Zouch, Sir Edward, Knight marshal, I, 253.
Journey to Virginia, I, 131. Zouch, Sir John, I, 17.

O

